PREMIS Editorial Committee

-   Karin Bredenberg, chair (Riksarkivet, Swedish National Archives)

-   Lina Bountouri (Publications Office of the European Union)

-   Bertrand Caron (Bibliothéque nationale de France) \*

-   Angela Dappert (British Library) \*

-   Kevin De Vorsey (National Archives and Records Administration) \*

-   Angela Di Iorio (Sapienza Università di Roma) \*

-   Rebecca Guenther (Library of Congress) \*

-   Michelle (Micky) Lindlar (TIB Leibniz Information Centre for Science
    and Technology)

-   Tracy Meehleib (Library of Congress)

-   Terje Pettersen-Dahl (National Archives of Norway)

-   Sarah Romkey (Artefactual Systems)

-   Eld Zierau (Royal Library of Denmark)

> \* = regrets

PREMIS EC Agenda 20190116

-   (Previous notes, have been emailed)—As we are not using the old wiki
    all PEC notes are being shared via email.

-   Update Emulation/wikidata (Bertrand)—Bertrand is not here today to
    report. Eld said there has been no progress to her knowledge since
    our last PEC meeting.

-   iPres2019 (Karin)—Will be in Amsterdam 16-20 September 2019. Call
    for papers is open. Karin is in touch with METS Board. Please look
    at link to docs in Karin’s Google drive. March 18/19 is deadline for
    submissions. Eld will submit a paper. We need to update our tutorial
    (Karin plus 2 more). PEC will submit tutorial on its own and
    something else with the METS Board. Micky asked about presentations.
    We usually invite particular people to participate, put out a call
    on PIG list, and Board members usually contribute. We try to be as
    open as possible and usually send out requests early—like now.
    Possible ideas: Serialization, RDF, minimal, extended examples—broad
    coverage would be ideal. We will need names and short bio for
    presenters as well. Please let us know by our next meeting if you
    can present.

-   Wiki/Mail/OPF report (Eld)—Sarah and Karin will work on this. Lina
    will work on PEC email distribution list. Eld and Micky have
    discussed OPF idea. Micky will attend the OPF Board meeting next
    week and they will discuss OPF hosting. OPF wiki infrastructure is
    under construction so it may not be available right away. Micky is
    asking if we want a public and private wiki. We have had 2
    wikis--PEC and PIG—hosted at Chicago. We would like to have an
    open/public section and a working document section—we are not sure
    if we need a private section. We have considered GitHub. Sarah is
    also looking at other options. What we choose will need to be free
    so OPF would need to host us free of charge. METS is using GitHub.
    One model would be: publication at LC, with GitHub for working
    documents. Karin’s opinion is that our notes should be open. Sarah
    suggests that if core purpose of wiki has been to store docs that a
    wiki is not the best option and not really sustainable. Sarah will
    do some more research and present some ideas to the group at the
    next meeting. Micky will explore OPF wiki options and infrastructure
    by next meeting. Also consider: new PREMIS DD as TEI will be hosted
    in GitHub.

-   Implementation Registry (Karin)—No discussion

-   AoB? No discussion

-   Calendar & Next Meeting (Karin): Feb 20—we will discuss wiki options
    then.
