PREMIS Editorial Committee

-   Karin Bredenberg, chair (Riksarkivet, Swedish National Archives)

-   Lina Bountouri (NATO HQ)

-   Bertrand Caron (Bibliothéque nationale de France)

-   Angela Dappert (British Library)

-   Kevin De Vorsey (National Archives and Records Administration)

-   Angela Di Iorio (Sapienza Università di Roma)

-   Rebecca Guenther (Library of Congress) \*

-   Michelle (Micky) Lindlar (TIB Leibniz Information Centre for Science
    and Technology)

-   Tracy Meehleib (Library of Congress)

-   Terje Pettersen-Dahl (National Archives of Norway)

-   Sarah Romkey (Artefactual Systems)

-   Kara Van Malssen (AV Preserve) \*

-   Eld Zierau (Royal Library of Denmark) \*

\* = regrets

PREMIS EC Agenda 20190417

▪ Welcome from Karin

Karin started the meeting by presenting the Agenda. The following topics
were discussed:

▪ Wiki (Sarah/Karin)

Can Chicago remove the wiki? Sarah informed the EC that she has sent a
request to OPF to see what they are going to do with our wiki. Still no
response. Sarah mentioned that during our last meeting we decided not to
migrate the content from the old wiki, but to start fresh, so there are
no issues with the old wiki. Moreover, its content is already in the
Google Drive. Micky mentioned that next week there is will a meeting of
the related Board, so Sarah can keep them posted for our old wiki
deletion and put this item into their agenda. Karin and Sarah will draft
an email to the PIG for this issue. Tracy will go through the pages and
remove all the connections towards the wiki.

▪ Survey (Karin)

We have a published web page and an email to the PIG regarding the
survey. A draft is on the web page for the users
(<http://www.loc.gov/standards/premis/premis-survey-results.html>). We
all need to have a look to the whole survey (

[https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1lDkbvrQ\_qWLQKTvgfH7vtaZz\_h8Nj8HD?usp=sharing](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1lDkbvrQ_qWLQKTvgfH7vtaZz_h8Nj8)).

▪ Tools page (Karin)

There is a web form to ask PREMIS related questions at
<http://www.loc.gov/standards/premis/tools_for_premis.php>, and Tracy is
taking care of these questions. We received one question recently about
the PREMIS Creation Tool where it seems that the links do not work / are
outdated. Kevin will check on this.

▪ Next steps (Karin)

There is a Google Doc for collection thoughts and ideas at
<https://docs.google.com/document/d/1FY14GyKsJKzCiOmb92FnlTwI_Tv_dYv8fXadZNCTT50/edit?usp=sharing>.
Easter is a good chance for all of us to think for the way forward. We
can add in this document our ideas and thoughts for the future. Karin
and Tracy are restarting the DD.

▪Calendar & Next Meeting (Karin)

See last slide for the following 2019 meeting schedule.
