PREMIS Editorial Committee

-   Karin Bredenberg, chair (Riksarkivet, Swedish National Archives)

-   Lina Bountouri (Publications Office of the European Union)

-   Bertrand Caron (Bibliothéque nationale de France)

-   Angela Dappert (British Library) \*

-   Kevin De Vorsey (National Archives and Records Administration)

-   Angela Di Iorio (Sapienza Università di Roma) \*

-   Rebecca Guenther (Library of Congress) \*

-   Michelle (Micky) Lindlar (TIB Leibniz Information Centre for Science
    and Technology) \*

-   Tracy Meehleib (Library of Congress)

-   Jack O’Sullivan (Preservica) \*

-   Terje Pettersen-Dahl (National Archives of Norway)

-   Sarah Romkey (Artefactual Systems)

-   Marjolein Steenman (Netherlands Intsitute for Sound and Vision)

-   Eld Zierau (Royal Library of Denmark) \*

> \* = regrets

PREMIS EC Agenda 20191016

**Agenda**

-   (Previous notes, have been mailed and are in the drive)
    https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1cFRGwUr5aPb9dDYnHnZtkVm3gNgQCTpB?usp=sharing

-   AoB? None

-   iPres 2019

Tutorial – 50 people – good attendance.

Workshop— good discussions—should make it open to more people in the
future. Heard comments that it was dense for a 2 hour workshop—should
have 3 hours in future—or make the workshop more concise to fit it in 2
hours. Is there a feedback mechanism for us to get comments? iPRES sends
out a survey but PREMIS EC may not have access. Karin will see if it’s
possible to get their feedback. Slides from tutorial are available on
the PREMIS webpage at this link (scroll down to link to specific
materials):
<http://www.loc.gov/standards/premis/pif/2019/premis-implementation-fair-announcement-2019.html>

-   Nestor Survey--Micky suggested we complete it. She may need some
    help to do that from someone on Board. Tracy to help with stats.
    There is pdf available with all of the survey questions. Tracy will
    answer questions with Micky and Karin.

-   DD updates (All)--Short info regarding Rights (Marjolein)- Subgroup
    met in Amsterdam (Marjolein, Bertrand, Sarah, Jack, Karin) and
    devised questions re: next phase for Rights for PREMIS v. 4.0 DD.
    Karin created a document that captured input from that meeting—it
    will be edited and should result in 2 page scoping document for
    improving the Rights entity. This subgroup will plan next steps and
    outreach to community. Marjolein will set up a meeting to continue
    this work.

-   DD v. 3 The Onion Model (Bertrand)—see notes/slides in agenda for
    details re: problems. 2 competing mechanisms are co-existing now.
    See slide \#21 for Bertrand’s questions. Ontology Working Group’s
    current suggestion re: compression and/or encryption is to keep the
    onion model—describe as objects as separate PREMIS objects and
    keep/preserve the 1 to 1 principle in PREMIS Ontology. The ontology
    makes a made a simpler choice--compared to the DD. The ontology and
    DD should be in sync. Main question: Do we really need these 2
    mechanisms? Modelling pov (Bertrand) vs.practical pov (Marjolein) –
    e.g. simplicity vs. volume. Marjolein will investigate her use case
    vis-à-vis this issue before the next meeting. Bertrand noted that
    It’s easier to create objects in rdf—you just create a graph. We may
    decide that it’s an acceptable discrepancy given differences between
    xml and rdf? Final consensus is that we need to take a deeper dive
    into this discrepancy.

-   Next steps?
    https://drive.google.com/open?id=1v7ObGb42m7Lbq6S3MqA3f17ngC98ma\_1gTZN1FGT5-Y

-   AoB--– Rebecca is back in touch and is requesting that we change the
    meeting time in 2020 as she is on US West Coast now. She has been
    tasked by LC to do ontology work. Karin and Bertrand will contact
    Rebecca to set up a meeting to define tasks to be done. Karin will
    send out a doodle poll re: possible meeting times for 2020

-   Calendar & Next Meeting (Karin) – November 20
