PREMIS Editorial Committee

-   Karin Bredenberg, chair (Riksarkivet, Swedish National Archives)

-   Lina Bountouri (Publications Office of the European Union)

-   Bertrand Caron (Bibliothéque nationale de France) \*

-   Angela Dappert (British Library) \*

-   Kevin De Vorsey (National Archives and Records Administration)

-   Angela Di Iorio (Sapienza Università di Roma)

-   Rebecca Guenther (Library of Congress) \*

-   Michelle (Micky) Lindlar (TIB Leibniz Information Centre for Science
    and Technology)

-   Tracy Meehleib (Library of Congress)

-   Terje Pettersen-Dahl (National Archives of Norway)

-   Sarah Romkey (Artefactual Systems) \*

-   Eld Zierau (Royal Library of Denmark) \*

> \* = regrets

PREMIS EC Agenda 20190619

News from Rebecca—she has moved to California and is easing her way back
into PREMIS work.

(Previous notes, have been mailed and are in the drive)
https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1cFRGwUr5aPb9dDYnHnZtk

Vm3gNgQCTpB?usp=sharing

AV-Netherlands Institut for Sound and VIsion—they are interested in
PREMIS—should we invite them to have a member on the Board? Everyone
agrees we need to fill our AV gap in general and for updating PREMIS DD.
Karin will invite someone to be on the EC.

Short update regarding our wiki (Sarah)—wiki is being set up—should be
ready this summer. Latest copy of wiki is in Google drive for now. There
might be some technical overhead in getting the wiki up. Micky said she
would use her consulting time with OPF to cover setup costs.

DD updates (Bertrand) – not present – postpone until July
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1p1qv8q5s\_PiDSSQodwAzFvlp5h7dh2ie0ftaHgDM6U/edit\#heading=

h.a0rj91fq9e7n--Add minor issues to July meeting for review as Bertrand
is not here—all EC members please read ahead of time and form opinions
for next meeting—and be prepared to discuss at next meeting.

Next steps?
https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1GTAxGV0wp93F1-bGs1iCHZhJ7KDJhzOU?usp=sharing

SAA Intro to PREMIS with Lori Lindberg at SJSU (they didn’t like Karin
and Rebecca’s in the past)—we need to think about tutorials (for example
at iPres and for outreach in general)—perhaps we need a subgroup for
events, outreach, and tutorials as we currently only engage with iPres.
Micky can look into possible events.

We need to update the webpage once we set up the wiki.

iPres Web Page Statement – Micky will draft page re: iPres program.

Kevin – is looking into the Implementation Registry – he is not finding
any relevant preservation tools. He will send one last email. Archivist
may have changed to ArchiveSpace—are they still using PREMIS? Karin will
ask.

Calendar & Next Meeting (Karin): July 17th
