PREMIS Editorial Committee

-   Karin Bredenberg, chair (Riksarkivet, Swedish National Archives)

-   Lina Bountouri (Publications Office of the European Union)\*

-   Bertrand Caron (Bibliothéque nationale de France) \*

-   Angela Dappert (British Library) \*

-   Kevin De Vorsey (National Archives and Records Administration) \*

-   Angela Di Iorio (Sapienza Università di Roma) \*

-   Rebecca Guenther (Library of Congress) \*

-   Michelle (Micky) Lindlar (TIB Leibniz Information Centre for Science
    and Technology) \*

-   Tracy Meehleib (Library of Congress)

-   Terje Pettersen-Dahl (National Archives of Norway)

-   Sarah Romkey (Artefactual Systems)

-   Eld Zierau (Royal Library of Denmark)

> \* = regrets

PREMIS EC Call Notes 20190320

-   (Previous notes, have been mailed and are in the drive)
    <https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1cFRGwUr5aPb9dDYnHnZtkVm3gNgQCTpB?usp=sharing>

AoB? None

Update our wiki (Sarah)

-   Also discussed at last meeting

-   2 wikis being discontinued by host: internal and pigpen

-   SR has 2 slides and options for each as they serve diff purposes

-   Internal wiki supports works in progress—drafts—link sharing—etc.

-   We could use Google Drive or GitHub or OPF wiki

-   Google: PROS are many; CONS is version control

-   GitHub: PRO is version control; CON is steeper learning curve

-   OPF Wiki—risk is the untended garden syndrome—it will need care and
    attention

-   Eld thinks we need one structure for both internal and extermnal

-   Question re: password protected/public—can OPF provide us with both?

-   Sarah can use Mickey, Eld, and Bertrand as conduits to OPF as they
    are members.

-   Sarah will contact OPF re: options for public and private

-   We want to respond to survey issues—and create a collaborative space
    then reassess after some time

-   Migrate old docs to new wiki or archive in another way? Value in
    saving drafts?

-   They are in KB’s Google Drive

-   Do we need a content selection plan?

-   For old PIG/external wiki we will use a fresh start

-   For old internal wiki (171 MB) we will unpack when we need
    something—when unpacked tar doc is 330 MB

-   Sarah will email Becky and Martin--and cc Eld, Bertrand, and
    Micky—re: OPF questions

-   Consensus seemed to be than an OPF wiki would be the best platform
    for what we wish to accomplish at this point

id.loc.gov (Tracy)

-   Tracy asked everyone ot review the preservation vocabularies on
    id.loc.gov and report any errors you notice

-   LC programmer will be updating code so that descriptions of top
    elements display

-   Bertrand will stand in for Rebecca as liaison to the ontology
    subgroup while she is out

iPres2019 (Karin) Call for papers closed Monday—

-   Everything has been submitted

-   Karin encouraged people going ot iPRES to register—she said there
    are a total of 380 spaces

-   She also recommends reserving rooms as there is another conference
    at the same time

-   We will hear results in April

Survey summary (Karin)

-   Have you looked at summary of survey report?

-   Karin will send out a reminder for members to do this

-   We will publish this report once it is approved

-   Lina will send out mesages to relevant groups once it is approved
    and live on the web

-   The whole survey is on the Google drive if anyone wants to dive into
    it

Next steps?

-   Google doc for collecting thoughts and ideas

-   Please add any thoughts/ideas you have

Calendar & Next Meeting (Karin)—April 17th. 3pm in Europe and 9am EST.
