PREMIS Editorial Committee

-   Karin Bredenberg, chair (Riksarkivet, Swedish National Archives)

-   Lina Bountouri (Publications Office of the European Union)

-   Bertrand Caron (Bibliothéque nationale de France)

-   Angela Dappert (British Library) \*

-   Kevin De Vorsey (National Archives and Records Administration)

-   Angela Di Iorio (Sapienza Università di Roma)

-   Rebecca Guenther (Library of Congress) \*

-   Michelle (Micky) Lindlar (TIB Leibniz Information Centre for Science
    > and Technology) \*

-   Tracy Meehleib (Library of Congress)\*

-   Terje Pettersen-Dahl (National Archives of Norway)

-   Sarah Romkey (Artefactual Systems)

-   Eld Zierau (Royal Library of Denmark)

> \* = regrets

PREMIS EC Agenda 20190220

\* Previous meeting notes (link)

\* Communication Plan: Lina has been working on a communication plan and
has a spreadsheet of mailing lists for communication. For the Australian
lists, Pete can forward from the PIG list if he thinks

the message is relevant. Survey- PIG list hasn't been highlighted as a
useful resource, and yet we still need a way to keep the community up to
date. People are not using the list to discuss their questions or issues
with each other. Twitter was discussed as a possibility but that seems
like people could easily miss messages.

\* Emulation/wikidata update: Bertrand is working on updating the
document and bring it to

the meetiing when it is ready. Shared with the PREMIS ontology working
group that Iovka Boneva (French researcher) who is interested in working
on tools to manage RDF data quality, shape expressions and the validity
of RDF data. There is a use case from the PREMIS Ontology working group.
Bertrand and Lina will follow up with Ms. Boneva.

\* OPF: Micky spoke with OPF Board about hosting our wiki and Micky was
able to explain

what we're asking for. They're open to the idea but need some details
from us- is it

meant to be public or password protected, can people create a login and
upload their

own documents, etc? Will it be a mirror of what is on the LoC site meant
to reach a

larger audience?

\* Wiki: Sarah to review survey results to see if there is enough
information from

the community to see what would be the best kind of platform to replace
the PIGpen.

For the internal wiki, since it has been used for document management
only, we

can replace with a combination of Google Drive (for documents in
progress) and

Github or the PREMIS website (for disseminating final documents).

\* iPres: March 18th is deadline for papers. The drafts are up in Google
Drive. Next EC

meeting is after deadline so we need to do any edits necessary before
then. METS

Board is preparing a tutorial, and there is a proposal for a combined
preservation

metadata workshop. Need someone from the PREMIS board who can aid with
the workshop- this

is the next step of the implementation fair. PREMIS tutorial also needs
updating- to

improve since it was proposed (and rejected) in Boston.

Sarah volunteered to help with the combined METS workshop.

Bertrand and Terje not positive of attendance at this time.

\* Implementation registry: we had a goal to decide by last Christmas on
how to update

for PREMIS 3. Will move the task further on for now.

\* Next steps:

1\. Updates in DD- Bertrand started a document with some suggested
changes- some

are minor, others need discussion. A minor release of the DD could cover
smaller

changes, others would require a major release (PREMIS 4). Focus will be
on

the wiki for the next meeting and then talk about the DD in further
meetings.

2\. Working on moving to a digital DD- Karin and Tracey working on this
by re-using

work from EAD subcommittee. Would make it easier to manage and available
on Github.

3\. Overhaul of webpage? Should presentations be on the wiki rather than
a webpage? And

make the webpage focused on the data dictionary.

\* Other business- review of Implementing PREMIS is available in recent
issue of American Archivist

\* Next meeting: March 20th.
