PREMIS Editorial Committee

-   Karin Bredenberg, chair (Riksarkivet, Swedish National Archives)

-   Lina Bountouri (Publications Office of the European Union) \*

-   Bertrand Caron (Bibliothéque nationale de France)

-   Angela Dappert (British Library) \*

-   Kevin De Vorsey (National Archives and Records Administration)

-   Angela Di Iorio (Sapienza Università di Roma) \*

-   Rebecca Guenther (Library of Congress) \*

-   Michelle (Micky) Lindlar (TIB Leibniz Information Centre for Science
    and Technology)

-   Tracy Meehleib (Library of Congress)

-   Jack O’Sullivan (Preservica)

-   Terje Pettersen-Dahl (National Archives of Norway)

-   Sarah Romkey (Artefactual Systems) \*

-   Marjolein Steenman (Netherlands Intsitute for Sound and Vision)

-   Eld Zierau (Royal Library of Denmark)

> \* = regrets

PREMIS EC Agenda 20190911

**Agenda**

-   (Previous notes, have been mailed and are in the drive)
    <https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1cFRGwUr5aPb9dDYnHnZtkVm3gNgQCTpB?usp=sharing>

-   AoB: Welcome Jack!

-   DD updates (All) – Rights:

    -   Interested to participate: Bertrand, Sarah, Marjolein, Kevin

    -   Lead? Charge? Write up? Do we know about people outside of
        PREMIS EC who would like to participate?

    -   Create a presentation/document with revised Rights entity
        discussion (1-2 pages) and proposed roadmap. Bertrand will be at
        iPRES—the subgroup (Marjolein and Bertrand and any others on
        subgroup who are at iPRES) will meet before dinner at the
        restaurant on Thursday afternoon and draft something in
        Amsterdam as a start.

    -   Contact?

    -   <https://docs.google.com/document/d/1p1qv8q5s_PiDSSQodwAzFvlp5h7dh2ie0ftaHgDM6U/edit#heading=h.a0rj91fq9e7n>

    -   Bertrand added text re: policy in the text about rights.

-   Continuation of discussion of relationships between entities—more
    ontology work than DD. More text regarding objects and relationships
    is needed for clarification.

-   Next steps? Postponed to next meeting.
    <https://drive.google.com/open?id=1v7ObGb42m7Lbq6S3MqA3f17ngC98ma_1gTZN1FGT5-Y>  
    is now in one document! Possible to give lead and members as well as
    comments.

-   AoB—

    -   Ontology guideline needs to be updated (Bertrand)

    -   Ontology group needs to meet (Bertrand)

    -   Next time we will discuss the onion model and file streams,
        Betrand will prepare some slides.

-   Calendar & Next Meeting (Karin): September 19<sup>th</sup> Dinner at
    iPres 2019 -- and then 16<sup>th</sup> of October.
