PREMIS Editorial Committee

-   Karin Bredenberg, chair (Riksarkivet, Swedish National Archives)

-   Lina Bountouri (Publications Office of the European Union) \*

-   Bertrand Caron (Bibliothéque nationale de France) \*

-   Angela Dappert (British Library) \*

-   Kevin De Vorsey (National Archives and Records Administration)

-   Angela Di Iorio (Sapienza Università di Roma) \*

-   Rebecca Guenther (Library of Congress) \*

-   Michelle (Micky) Lindlar (TIB Leibniz Information Centre for Science
    and Technology)

-   Tracy Meehleib (Library of Congress)

-   Terje Pettersen-Dahl (National Archives of Norway) \*

-   Sarah Romkey (Artefactual Systems)

-   Marjolein Steenman (Netherlands Intsitute for Sound and Vision)

-   Eld Zierau (Royal Library of Denmark) \*

> \* = regrets

PREMIS EC Agenda 20190821

**Agenda**

-   (Previous notes, have been mailed and are in the drive)
    <https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1cFRGwUr5aPb9dDYnHnZtkVm3gNgQCTpB?usp=sharing>

-   Doodle Poll for dinner at iPres – 4 have responded so far. Marjolein
    will book for 8. Please let Karin know if you plan to attend.

-   PREMIS Tools (Kevin) – statistics NZ has not repsonded other than
    getting passed around. We should drop the mention of the utiltiy.
    Kevin will update the page and send it to Tracy.

-   PREMIS in METS Toolbox? Kevin will go through the notes and update
    us on status of this.

-   DD updates (All) – We will create a working group for Rights:
    Bertrand, Sarah, Marjolein, and Kevin so far.

-   Discussion of relationships between entities—we don’t have Role on
    all relationships where the might be needed. Micky Lindlar: IEs to
    IEs relationships as connected to versioning—this is problem in her
    implementation. Micky will document this use case and add it to the
    working document. Collection-level IE with child and sibling
    relationships under that. How far does it snowball? This is
    complicated. This comes form Rosetta implementation side and nested
    IEs in PREMIS version 3.0. One idea is to have a structural Ieyou
    have a representatoinless IE? They have a couple of proposals but no
    solution. Does the bidirectional rule apply to IEs? The more there
    is a desire to relate IEs the more complicated these issues get. We
    can add this to the Next Steps list. Would be interesting to see how
    other implentations handle this. Will be important for PREMIS EC to
    make a recommendation in this area. In Archivematica they have not
    fully implemented PREMIS 3.0. Data management and file management
    issues are becoming complex and more relevant.

-   Next steps? Postponed to next meeting. Karin added Micky’s issue to
    the list. We need to review, update, and (re)prioritize issues.  
    <https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1GTAxGV0wp93F1-bGs1iCHZhJ7KDJhzOU?usp=sharing>

-   AoB--Wiki update—we still don’t have one. Karl at OPF will be
    contacted and Sarah will provide a timeline for next month’s
    meeting.

-   Calendar & Next Meeting (Karin): September 11th.
