# PREMIS Editorial Committee 

* Karin Bredenberg, chair (Kommunalförbundet Sydarkivera)  
* Bertrand Caron (Bibliothèque nationale de France)   
* David Cirella (Yale University Library)  
* Rebecca Guenther (Ex-officio)  
* Honghu Fu (National Science Library, CAS)  
* Leslie Johnston (National Archives and Records Administration)  
* Hanne Mari K. Hindklev (Norsk Helsenett SF)  
* Micky Lindlar (TIB Leibniz Information Centre for Science and Technology)  
* Jack O’Sullivan (Preservica)  
* Sarah Romkey (Artefactual Systems)   
* Marjolein Steeman (Netherlands Institute for Sound and Vision)   
* Eld Zierau (Royal Library of Denmark)

Present members are in bold.

# Agenda with notes 2025-04-16

Notetaker: Leslie

1. (Previous notes, have been mailed and are in the drive) [https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1cFRGwUr5aPb9dDYnHnZtkVm3gNgQCTpB?usp=sharing](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1cFRGwUr5aPb9dDYnHnZtkVm3gNgQCTpB?usp=sharing) 

2. AoB

   1. None

3. Membership

   1. Thank you to Milan\!

   2. Call for members?

      1. No new name has been provided who can update the site or the email list at LOC.

         1. Should we move away from LOC hosting? The LOC hosting provides a sort of official status as a standard for organizations in Europe. LOC was supposed to provide us with a secretary, but that hasn’t been true for quite some time.

         2. We will slowly move content to GitHub, but the schema needs to stay there. And we need to figure out if we can/should move the email list. 

      2. Suggestion to hold off on a call for new board members until iPRES to promote the opportunity in Australasia for participation from that region. 

4. iPres2025

   1. Tutorial and Poster submissions are in. No real interest in submitting a Bird of a Feather proposal.

5. New version of the OAIS reference Model (Jack)

   1. Fundamentally, not hugely different. There are some changes, 5 substantial changes.

      1. Idea of Preservation Objectives being a thing that you can define. Take the idea of acceptable loss in terms of migration or emulation/rendering and put it on a stronger fitting by stating what you are actually trying to preserve which can be measured against that preservation objective. 

      2. Definition of a Preservation Watch, a Technology Watch under a different name. Software obsolescence, file format risks and changes, designated community changes.

      3. New Types of Information Objects: Representation Information, Packaging Information, and others. There is the possibility of recursion with Representation Information needed representation information.

      4. Subtle change to the definition of Information Package that makes the descriptive information optional, mandatory in an AIP but not in a SIP. Bring everything under control even if there is no metadata yet, not trapped into the idea that you need all your descriptive information together and perfect before getting control of the objects.

      5. Has added multiple explicit references that representation information will change over time. Your understanding of what you've got will of course change over time, and so will the needs of the designated community.

      6. They replaced every reference to examples referencing CD-ROMs and media to generic references. It’s ironic that a digital preservation standard cannot assume that anyone knows what a CD-ROM is.

   2. The take home is that the changes have no major impacts on the PREMIS data model, their changes were already supported. The increased importance of structural metadata and preservation objectives fall in line with PREMIS.

6. Next steps  
   [https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1okxDG2XHJAwRDSI\_o427gM-MZYP3NG2Z6wSFz-Ad-7Q/edit?usp=sharing](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1okxDG2XHJAwRDSI_o427gM-MZYP3NG2Z6wSFz-Ad-7Q/edit?usp=sharing)

   1. Rights work is ongoing. 

7. Outreach

   1. The web page update issues will become increasingly important.

8. AoB

   1. None

9. Next Meeting and notetaker (Marjolein)