PREMIS Editorial Committee 
==========================

-   **Karin Bredenberg, chair (Kommunalförbundet Sydarkivera)**

-   Bertrand Caron (Bibliothèque nationale de France) 

-   **David Cirella (Yale University Library)**

-   Rebecca Guenther (Ex-officio)

-   Honghu Fu (National Science Library, CAS)

-   **Leslie Johnston (National Archives and Records Administration)**

-   Hanne Mari K. Hindklev (Norsk Helsenett SF)

-   **Micky Lindlar (TIB Leibniz Information Centre for Science and
    > Technology)**

-   Tracy Meehleib (Library of Congress)

-   Jack O’Sullivan (Preservica)

-   Sarah Romkey (Artefactual Systems) 

-   Marjolein Steeman (Netherlands Institute for Sound and Vision) 

-   Milan Valadou (Meemoo)

-   **Eld Zierau (Royal Library of Denmark)**

Present members are in bold.

Agenda with notes 2025-03-19
============================

> Notetaker: Micky

1.  **Previous notes, have been mailed and are in the drive:** [<span
    > class="underline">https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1cFRGwUr5aPb9dDYnHnZtkVm3gNgQCTpB?usp=sharing</span>](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1cFRGwUr5aPb9dDYnHnZtkVm3gNgQCTpB?usp=sharing)

2.  **Thank you to Tracy!**  
    >   
    > The Editorial Committee would like to thank Tracy for her years of
    > support to the PREMIS. We all wish Tracy the best for her future
    > position at LoC.  
    >   
    > Karin hasn’t heard who is going to replace Tracy yet. The impact
    > of this is that we will not be able to update the website or do
    > any updates to the mailing list.

3.  **iPres2025**  
    >   
    > Leslie will not be there. Karin, Eld and Micky plan to be there.  
    > Poster’s will be printed posters this year - Eld will take care of
    > printing the poster and bringing it to iPRES.  
    > Karin, Eld and Micky finished the tutorial submission today - Eld
    > will hand it in by Monday, March 24th.

4.  **Report from talks with Sean MacMillan Kings College London, UK
    > (Karin)**  
    >   
    > Karin has continued the conversation with Sean MacMillan about a
    > PREMIS game as well as about implementing metadata in general /
    > PREMIS use cases. Kings College is very interested in PREMIS
    > events and how to use them. Karin will join an internal Kings
    > College meeting beginning of July to give them a brief
    > introduction into PREMIS in general and to how they can make use
    > of it. Karin reports that it’s really interesting to see this use
    > case in action and to talk to an institution that is just starting
    > out to look at PREMIS - this gives us a good idea of what
    > potential hindrances to using PREMIS are and to identify gaps in
    > resources available for those just startnig out.

5.  Outreach  
    >   
    > David and Karen have been working on creating a PREMIS Editorial
    > Committee page as a github.io page ([<span
    > class="underline">https://premis-ec.github.io/editorial-committee/</span>](https://premis-ec.github.io/editorial-committee/))
    > using MkDocs as a static website generator.  
    > Currently the minutes are on there, mirrored from the google
    > drive, as well as some other resources. This is intended as a
    > replacement for the Wiki, which was hosted by OPF but has been on
    > hold due to OPF not having made much progress on moving to a
    > different Wiki software. In the future this can be scaled out.  
    >   
    > Link to the running plan of work:  
    > [<span
    > class="underline">https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1okxDG2XHJAwRDSI\_o427gM-MZYP3NG2Z6wSFz-Ad-7Q/edit?usp=sharing</span>](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1okxDG2XHJAwRDSI_o427gM-MZYP3NG2Z6wSFz-Ad-7Q/edit?usp=sharing)

6.  **AoB  
    > **  
    > Eld will take care of the tutorial and the poster submissions for
    > iPRES2025  
    > Poster Abstract:  
    > [<span
    > class="underline">https://docs.google.com/document/d/1SkMzZXmXDVXRTxCWEgmizofBgV-V7aky/edit?usp=drive\_link&ouid=103054724256371056333&rtpof=true&sd=true</span>](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1SkMzZXmXDVXRTxCWEgmizofBgV-V7aky/edit?usp=drive_link&ouid=103054724256371056333&rtpof=true&sd=true)  
    > Tutorial Abstract:  
    > [<span
    > class="underline">https://docs.google.com/document/d/1PvR7M3V3pryrTn7Nqw59YsgQ1gAcAyUB/edit</span>](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1PvR7M3V3pryrTn7Nqw59YsgQ1gAcAyUB/edit)

7.  **Next Meeting and notetaker (Leslie)**

> Next meeting is April 16th
