PREMIS Editorial Committee 
==========================

-   **Karin Bredenberg, chair (Kommunalförbundet Sydarkivera)**

-   **Bertrand Caron (Bibliothèque nationale de France) **

-   **David Cirella (Yale University Library)**

-   Rebecca Guenther (Ex-officio)

-   **Honghu Fu (National Science Library, CAS)**

-   **Leslie Johnston (National Archives and Records Administration)**

-   Hanne Mari K. Hindklev (Norsk Helsenett SF)

-   **Micky Lindlar (TIB Leibniz Information Centre for Science and
    > Technology)**

-   Tracy Meehleib (Library of Congress)

-   **Jack O’Sullivan (Preservica)**

-   **Sarah Romkey (Artefactual Systems) **

-   **Marjolein Steeman (Netherlands Institute for Sound and Vision) **

-   Milan Valadou (Meemoo)

-   **Eld Zierau (Royal Library of Denmark)**

\* = apologies  
Present members are in bold.

Agenda 2025-01-15
=================

> Notetaker: David

1.  (Previous notes, have been mailed and are in the drive) [<span
    > class="underline">https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1cFRGwUr5aPb9dDYnHnZtkVm3gNgQCTpB?usp=sharing</span>](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1cFRGwUr5aPb9dDYnHnZtkVm3gNgQCTpB?usp=sharing)

2.  AoB

3.  Rights (Marjolein)

    1.  Practical steps

        1.  Github repo setup with 4 subrepos:

            1.  DataDictionary,

                1.  XML format in update

            2.  Schema,

            3.  OWL,

            4.  PREMIS EC - hold notes

        2.  Will need to limit committers to subrepos 1,2,3 above

        3.  Current OWL info spread between different websites,
            > locations. What is intention for new OWL subrepo

        4.  Use Github project with multiple repositories/directories
            > for each of the products

        5.  Move everything from LOC, easier to maintain, more than one
            > person able to update

        6.  Plan is to deprecate current locations

        7.  LOC will retain publication

        8.  Sarah and Leslie will work on setup, all other EC members
            > can send github usernames to add to project/repos

            1.  asciim0 (Micky)

            2.  jackdos (Jack)

            3.  elzikb (Eld)

            4.  BertrandCaron (Bertrand)

            5.  lljohnston (Leslie)

            6.  karinbredenberg (Karin)

            7.  marjoleinsteeman (Marjolein)

            8.  decirella (David)

        9.  Timeframe? Will need redirects setup by LOC

    2.  DataDictionary

        1.  Plan to be ready by Feb 2025 in XML version

        2.  Schema will stay published in current LOC location, no need
            > to put notice to users

        3.  Maintenance work will happen in Github repo going forward

        4.  Current focus on PDF version

        5.  Will be one file per semantic unit, one file with XML text

    3.  Planning - Rights

        1.  Transform proposed solutions from whitepaper into the data
            > dictionary and schema

        2.  Fill in XML format with new rights elements to divide across
            > working group, facilitate discussion, need to evaluate
            > data dictionary text/sections around rights for potential
            > revision

        3.  Plan working group meeting to divide work among members of
            > the team

            1.  Meeting in 1-2 weeks

            2.  Marjolein will propose some date/times, Karin to send
                > scheduling poll

4.  iPres2025 (Karin)

    1.  Submission deadline - April 14

    2.  Marjolein working on poster

    3.  Tutorial proposal being drafted (Karin, …)

    4.  BOF proposal deadline in June

    5.  Conference in Nov.

    6.  https://www.ipres2025.nz/

5.  Records in Context (Karin)

    1.  RiC released content model

        1.  Content model, ontology for describing archives

    2.  Regrouped within EGAD

    3.  Define ontology and scope to have alongside PREMIS OWL

        1.  Some question about approach, modeling via
            > entity-relationship

6.  Next steps  
    > [<span
    > class="underline">https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1okxDG2XHJAwRDSI\_o427gM-MZYP3NG2Z6wSFz-Ad-7Q/edit?usp=sharing</span>](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1okxDG2XHJAwRDSI_o427gM-MZYP3NG2Z6wSFz-Ad-7Q/edit?usp=sharing)

7.  Outreach

    1.  move notes to github rather than wiki

    2.  possible to use google docs to markdown

    3.  Notes should exclude links to Karin’s Google Drive

    4.  Old notes as PDF, newer notes in Google Drive

    5.  David can transfer notes following meeting with Karin

8.  AoB

    1.  June 18 meeting will be moved to week before - June 1, one hour
        > later than regular meetings

9.  Next Meeting and notetaker (Jack)
