PREMIS Editorial Committee

-   **Karin Bredenberg, chair (Kommunalförbundet Sydarkivera)**

-   **Bertrand Caron (Bibliothèque nationale de France) **

-   **David Cirella (Yale University Library)**

-   Rebecca Guenther (Ex-officio)

-   **Honghu Fu (National Science Library, CAS)**

-   **Leslie Johnston (National Archives and Records Administration)**

-   Hanne Mari K. Hindklev (Norsk Helsenett SF)

-   Micky Lindlar (TIB Leibniz Information Centre for Science and
    > Technology)

-   Tracy Meehleib (Library of Congress)

-   **Jack O’Sullivan (Preservica)**

-   **Sarah Romkey (Artefactual Systems) **

-   Marjolein Steeman (Netherlands Institute for Sound and Vision) 

-   Milan Valadou (Meemoo)

-   **Eld Zierau (Royal Library of Denmark)**

Present members are in bold.

Agenda with notes 2025-02-19

> Notetaker: Jack

1.  (Previous notes, have been mailed and are in the drive) [<span
    > class="underline">https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1cFRGwUr5aPb9dDYnHnZtkVm3gNgQCTpB?usp=sharing</span>](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1cFRGwUr5aPb9dDYnHnZtkVm3gNgQCTpB?usp=sharing)

2.  AoB

Betrand announced/confirmed that he is leaving BnF at the end of March
and joining Micky on a 3 year contract on the EDEN/EOSC project, which
is a Research Data project, and where Bertand will be more focussed on
file format analysis type work.

Karin reminded him that PREMIS EC membership is personal and not tied to
his institution, so it’s up to him and his new employer to decide if he
is going to remain on the EC. Karin suggested that his expertise is
still required on the EC!

1.  Short update about Rights

There was a meeting last week about formalising the changes to the
rights entity into the data dictionary. Karin has set up what will be
needed for the changes to the XML schema and we should be ready to start
looking at everything needed now. There are still some DD updates
pending from the previous Ontologies work.

1.  iPres2025

Eld is preparing a poster for iPres, most of the text is now in place,
but the work on it is ongoing.

1.  GitHub (Sarah)

PREMIS-EC has been set up as an organisation on github. Karin, Sarah and
Leslie are owners, other EC members have been or will be invited to
join.

We can invite non-EC members, and create “Teams” with different
permissions to various things within the organisation. We are not
planning to do this immediately.

There will be a wiki per repo.

The data-dictionary repo is already in place.

We discussed briefly the extent to which we should be “working” in
github as opposed to things like Google Docs. This will make more of the
ongoing work we do more public and at an earlier stage. Karin is in
favour of our working in a more transparent way like this, although no
final decision has yet been taken.

Sarah has offered to prepare a “show and tell” if needed.

1.  Next steps  
    > [<span
    > class="underline">https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1okxDG2XHJAwRDSI\_o427gM-MZYP3NG2Z6wSFz-Ad-7Q/edit?usp=sharing</span>](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1okxDG2XHJAwRDSI_o427gM-MZYP3NG2Z6wSFz-Ad-7Q/edit?usp=sharing)

Need to finalise iPres poster & tutorial plans, paying attention to th
newly published keyword controlled vocabulary that will be piloted at
iPres2025.

1.  Outreach

There is a checkin planned for tomorrow with Sean at Kings College,
London. He has been developing DP related games, which Karin has been
having fun trying out.

1.  AoB

No further business.

1.  Next Meeting and notetaker (Leslie)

Next meeting set for 19th March 2025.
