PREMIS Editorial Committee

-   Karin Bredenberg, chair (Riksarkivet, Swedish National Archives) \*

-   Bertrand Caron (Bibliothéque nationale de France) \*

-   Angela Dappert (British Library)

-   Kevin De Vorsey (National Archives and Records Administration) \*

-   Angela Di Iorio (Sapienza Università di Roma)

-   Rebecca Guenther (Library of Congress)

-   Michelle (Micky) Lindlar (TIB Leibniz Information Centre for Science
    > and Technology) \*

-   Tracy Meehleib (Library of Congress)

-   Jack O’Sullivan (Preservica)

-   Terje Pettersen-Dahl (National Archives of Norway)

-   Sarah Romkey (Artefactual Systems) \*

-   Marjolein Steenman (Netherlands Intsitute for Sound and Vision)

-   Eld Zerau (Royal Library of Denmark) \*

> \* = regrets

PREMIS EC 20200715

(Previous notes, have been mailed and are in the drive) [<span
class="underline">https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1cFRGwUr5aPb9dDYnHnZtkVm3gNgQCTpB?usp=sharing</span>](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1cFRGwUr5aPb9dDYnHnZtkVm3gNgQCTpB?usp=sharing)

1.  Discussion of the onion model led by Rebecca

-   Bertrand and Rebecca met (virtually) to start the work of further
    > detailing how this method might be further described and
    > illustrated. Since not many members of the EC have had the need to
    > describe filestreams, we need information from implementers who
    > have used this approach. We plan to ask the PIG list the
    > following:

-   Plan of work:

[<span
class="underline">https://docs.google.com/document/d/1OSwqFei0n7dQZbzkqqYZ5JqQfyV\_-ONmlivG5fFILRM/edit\#heading=h.5pvplaftjeam</span>](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1OSwqFei0n7dQZbzkqqYZ5JqQfyV_-ONmlivG5fFILRM/edit#heading=h.5pvplaftjeam)

-   We need to get feedback from EC re: PIG list message—Angela Dappert
    > has suggestions re: editing PIG message—she will send these to
    > Tracy and Rebecca to incorporate into a new draft. Make clear that
    > DD is not wrong and that we want to learn from people—we would
    > like to have practical users involved. We should not say we are
    > changing the DD. We are seeking use cases to learn from. Bertrand
    > is away until mid-August. Tracy and Rebecca will work on
    > redrafting and then send it around to EC for review. We need use
    > cases sooner rather than later. Send out a simple message to PIG
    > asap—within 2 weeks--then send out a reminder 2 weeks later so we
    > get use cases coming in. The wiki would be the ideal method of
    > communication but we need to see where we are with it.

-   2018 survey—we got a lot of user info re: complex objects—it would
    > make sense to go through the survey and contact people to elicit
    > use cases.

-   Working group can be composed of members in EC and Ontology Group
    > now—then we will add more later

-   Re: statement of work—is there a sequence/order and/or dependencies?
    > No, the working group will have to figure that out.

**Background: Result from meeting 27<sup>th</sup> of April**
============================================================

-   Revisit the text in the DD regarding the Onion model (in Special
    > topics, p. 256 sqq., [<span
    > class="underline">https://www.loc.gov/standards/premis/v3/premis-3-0-final.pdf\#page=266</span>](https://www.loc.gov/standards/premis/v3/premis-3-0-final.pdf#page=266)),
    > the difference between Files, Bitstreams and filestreams (p. 12
    > sqq., [<span
    > class="underline">https://www.loc.gov/standards/premis/v3/premis-3-0-final.pdf\#page=22</span>](https://www.loc.gov/standards/premis/v3/premis-3-0-final.pdf#page=22),
    > and other places like Usage notes in the SU *compositionLevel*,
    > [<span
    > class="underline">https://www.loc.gov/standards/premis/v3/premis-3-0-final.pdf\#page=68</span>](https://www.loc.gov/standards/premis/v3/premis-3-0-final.pdf#page=68))
    > and make it more flexible and non ambiguous

-   Create a webpage (wikipage) regarding implementation of the
    > composition levels with fuller descriptions and have users
    > contribute. First contribution will be Bertrand and BnF

-   This means no changes in the DD semantic units or ontology

    -   Transformations from XML to rdf need to handle the composition
        > levels and create separate Files for different composition
        > levels of a File.

ONION Working Group as of July 15, 2020
=======================================

-   Members: Marjolein, Eld, Rebecca, and Bertrand at this point. If
    > anyone else wants to join please let EC know.

Statement of Work:
------------------

-   Go through the text and suggest update in DD

-   Draft for web/wiki page for composition level descriptions

-   Request contributions from PREMIS users to describe their use cases
    > about compound / complex objects

-   White paper explaining the concept? 

1.  How the DD envisioned representing different composition levels in
    > general terms

2.  How this is represented in XML

3.  How it might be represented in RDF

4.  Questions to consider in modeling as compound/complex objects as
    > Linked Data

<!-- -->

1.  **Outreach**—Angela Dappert led a discussion re: rethinking our
    > outreach—see outline document below. Micky and Angela are working
    > on it now—see blue sections for volunteer opportunities—we need
    > broad participation. This group will meet once a month. Angela
    > will lead this group for now. First step: organize and conduct a
    > preliminary inventory of the website – Marjolein and Tracy will
    > work on this inventory to be done by our August meeting. We will
    > also need to collect training material on private files: slides,
    > video recordings, exercises, etc. So an inventory of website will
    > be done first—then individuals can contribute anything we don’t
    > already have listed in the website inventory. Marjolein and Tracy
    > will put a spreadsheet in the folder where the outreach document
    > is. Eld may join this group after her summer vacation. Rebecca
    > will reach out to Lina to get a report on what Lina has done so
    > far. Everyone can review the English Wikipedia article—Angela said
    > it needs extensive revisions. Just sign up for a Wikipedia account
    > and feel free to revise.

See Outreach doc here: [<span
class="underline">https://docs.google.com/document/d/1WgZp64VOpC4dKQ0wWcUE8MFMEUFKQZsBWDUqShqrM-A/edit?pli=1\#heading=h.58xse377k9ks</span>](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1WgZp64VOpC4dKQ0wWcUE8MFMEUFKQZsBWDUqShqrM-A/edit?pli=1#heading=h.58xse377k9ks)

1.  **https: for PREMIS**--Tracy to check in with Kevin Ford in NDMSO
    > re: LC https developments and any updates re: pros/cons of
    > changing or not changing canonical URLs for PREMIS
    > ontology/vocabulary—Tracy will send status report to EC in July.
    > Tracy sent out an email message to the PIG list on June 22 re:
    > these developments—so far there has been no response to that
    > email.
