PREMIS Editorial Committee

-   Karin Bredenberg, chair (Riksarkivet, Swedish National Archives)

-   Lina Bountouri (Publications Office of the European Union) \*

-   Bertrand Caron (Bibliothéque nationale de France)

-   Angela Dappert (British Library)

-   Kevin De Vorsey (National Archives and Records Administration)

-   Angela Di Iorio (Sapienza Università di Roma) \*

-   Rebecca Guenther (Library of Congress)

-   Michelle (Micky) Lindlar (TIB Leibniz Information Centre for Science
    and Technology) \*

-   Tracy Meehleib (Library of Congress)

-   Jack O’Sullivan (Preservica) \*

-   Terje Pettersen-Dahl (National Archives of Norway)

-   Sarah Romkey (Artefactual Systems)

-   Marjolein Steenman (Netherlands Intsitute for Sound and Vision) \*

-   Eld Zierau (Royal Library of Denmark)

\* = regrets

PREMIS EC Agenda 20200219

-    Previous notes, have been mailed and are in the drive

-   Onions Update from 20200427 meeting—we have had a number of
    meetings—we will revise text in DD, create a webpage and/or wiki
    page with more specific info, also ask users to contribute examples
    re: composition levels. XML&gt;RDF transformation composition level
    need to be handled. Set up small working group for this. Write a
    white paper on this? Rebecca and Bertrand can discuss and start to
    form a group and plot out a strategy—Eld and Karin will participate.
    Create a clear description of work for this and send out a call for
    volunteers. Karin will create a Google doc where tasks to be done
    can be added.

-   COPTR—Kevin reached out to managers of COPTR site—they are fine with
    hosting PREMIS material on COPTR site.

-   WIKI—Sarah and Karin met with Carl from OPF. He is in the final
    stages of configuration. We should be able to move our content soon.
    Sarah suggests that we want to organize out content before we do
    this. Sarah made a rough draft diagram for possible organization. LC
    is interested in wiki updates. EC can provide a presentation of the
    wiki once it is ready. As soon as the wiki is working we can get EC
    member access to it. We will start with internal wiki—then add
    external wiki. We need to batch convert docs to pdf—Kevin will do
    this. Terje offered to be a backup for this conversion.

-   AoB—Program of Outreach during lockdown? Lina had some ideas but she
    is in the middle of a move right now. iPres 2020 and Poland were
    cancelled. What about doing an open tutorial? Eld has done a few—she
    said it’s quite difficult to present and be an audience member—might
    be better to do a recording. Angela Dappert made a couple of webinar
    tutorials. She made it at home. Karin has made some, using zoom,
    with a small group. Angela thinks that most users will start out
    with a profile from a software provider. Software companies could
    make their products easier to use PREMIS—and how PREMIS can be
    implemented within specific softwares. Preservica and Archivematica
    users are different from users who are implementing PREMIS from
    scratch. E-archiving building blocks—Karin is working on
    this—creating different modules. Karin is working on a simple PREMIS
    profile for this project—she will share it with the EC when it is
    ready. Rebecca is suggesting that we have a place to put profiles on
    our wiki. Marjolein has made one for AV. We can point people to
    Understanding PREMIS and the tutorials that are up—as a starting
    point. Add to agenda for next meeting—create a video?

-   AoB—Bertrand suggesting a look at the French Wikipedia presence/page
    for PREMIS--we should enhance the French version.

-   Calendar & Next Meeting—we may skip July meeting as Karin is on
    vacation.
