PREMIS Editorial Committee 
==========================

-   Karin Bredenberg, chair (Kommunalförbundet Sydarkivera)

-   Bertrand Caron (Bibliothèque nationale de France) 

-   Angela Dappert (British Library) \*

-   Angela Di Iorio (Sapienza Università di Roma) \*

-   Rebecca Guenther (Library of Congress) \*

-   Michelle (Micky) Lindlar (TIB Leibniz Information Centre for Science
    > and Technology) \*

-   Tracy Meehleib (Library of Congress)

-   Jack O’Sullivan (Preservica)

-   Terje Pettersen-Dahl (National Archives of Norway) 

-   Sarah Romkey (Artefactual Systems) 

-   Marjolein Steenman (Netherlands Intsitute for Sound and Vision) 

-   Eld Zierau (Royal Library of Denmark)

Call Notes 2020-12-16
=====================

1.  (Previous notes, have been mailed and are in the drive) [<span
    > class="underline">https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1cFRGwUr5aPb9dDYnHnZtkVm3gNgQCTpB?usp=sharing</span>](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1cFRGwUr5aPb9dDYnHnZtkVm3gNgQCTpB?usp=sharing)

2.  AoB? None

3.  Call for new members—we plan to put out call early next year for 3
    > new members total in 2021. Sarah has worked with Anne and
    > recommends her. Karin agrees. Anne has a very unique use case.
    > Karin will invite her to join. Leslie is proposed as a replacement
    > for Kevin. We still need 1-2 more members and we need to assess
    > tasks and needs and match these to member skills.

    1.  Leslie Johnston [<span
        > class="underline">https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1kSM2\_5mCvZejFVxSEDAp-urLYrvnKYmY?usp=sharing</span>](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1kSM2_5mCvZejFVxSEDAp-urLYrvnKYmY?usp=sharing)

    2.  Anne Mari Hindklev [<span
        > class="underline">https://docs.google.com/document/d/1IiZ6evRiL2WawZVCgERb31LznVh0f6Cs04xiFrcWWuY/edit?usp=sharing</span>](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1IiZ6evRiL2WawZVCgERb31LznVh0f6Cs04xiFrcWWuY/edit?usp=sharing)

4.  Next steps  
    > [<span
    > class="underline">https://drive.google.com/open?id=1v7ObGb42m7Lbq6S3MqA3f17ngC98ma\_1gTZN1FGT5-Y</span>](https://drive.google.com/open?id=1v7ObGb42m7Lbq6S3MqA3f17ngC98ma_1gTZN1FGT5-Y)

    1.  Wiki (Karin)—Karin ot get in touch about this tomorrow.

        1.  Legacy page—Jack ran an XSLT to regenerate html from XML to
            > rehost our legacy PREMSI wiki content as a webpage. The
            > first test looked good. When it’s done we will host it on
            > the wiki. Thanks Jack!

5.  Outreach—the subgroup has been working though our work plan. We need
    > to finish the inventory that Marjolein started then decide on the
    > organization and placement of items inventoried. Angela Dappert
    > wrote the WDPD blog. We are working through designing
    > presentations responding to the iPRES survey feedback. Micky
    > proposed that we use Zenodo—we evaluated the pros/cons and are
    > intending to place selected PREMIS presentations there. It looks
    > like a good place for them—and PREMIS can live in its own
    > community there. Zenodo is also being used for some conferences.
    > Micky will present Zenodo to the EC in our January meeting. We
    > need to decide what to put there vs. wiki and LC webpage. Our
    > Outreach team will be working on a publishing strategy. Bertand
    > asked if we plan to create new PREMIS community within Zenodo
    > and/or use the one that Micky already manages. Micky offered to
    > manage our PREMIS content in Zenodo. Bertrand believes that our
    > preservations can be in more that one community.

    1.  Zenodo [<span
        > class="underline">https://zenodo.org/</span>](https://zenodo.org/)

6.  AoB--None

7.  Calendar & Next Meeting (Karin)

8.  Jan 20th and on—Karin has booked zoom meeting through 2021. All
    > dates are in the same booking. Please let Karin know if she needs
    > to resend. Hopefully we will see Anne at our next meeting in Jan.
