PREMIS Editorial Committee

-   Karin Bredenberg, chair (Riksarkivet, Swedish National Archives)

-   Lina Bountouri (Publications Office of the European Union)

-   Bertrand Caron (Bibliothéque nationale de France) \*

-   Angela Dappert (British Library) \*

-   Kevin De Vorsey (National Archives and Records Administration)

-   Angela Di Iorio (Sapienza Università di Roma) \*

-   Rebecca Guenther (Library of Congress)

-   Michelle (Micky) Lindlar (TIB Leibniz Information Centre for Science
    and Technology) \*

-   Tracy Meehleib (Library of Congress)

-   Jack O’Sullivan (Preservica)

-   Terje Pettersen-Dahl (National Archives of Norway)

-   Sarah Romkey (Artefactual Systems) \*

-   Marjolein Steenman (Netherlands Intsitute for Sound and Vision)

-   Eld Zierau (Royal Library of Denmark) \*

> \* = regrets

PREMIS EC Agenda 20200129

-   (Previous notes, have been mailed and are in the drive)
    <https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1cFRGwUr5aPb9dDYnHnZtkVm3gNgQCTpB?usp=sharing>

-   Rights subgroup has collected use cases that they will share.
    Rebecca would like to join that subgroup.

-   Report on iPres submission progress – re: China situation. We don’t
    know what will happen with iPRES—no one has heard anything yet. EC
    will submit something and see what happens.EC will give a 4-hour
    tutorial and no implementation fair. The proposal is in the Google
    Drive.

-   Onion – Betrand has put up his presentation—how to proceed now?
    Marjolein sent comments to Bertrand—she said issues are not so
    complex – it shouldn’t take too much time to discuss. EC will
    scheudle a meeting specifically on this issue and anyone interested
    can join. Karin will create a Doodle poll for those interested in
    participating in a special meeting on this topic.

-   Next steps?  
    <https://drive.google.com/open?id=1v7ObGb42m7Lbq6S3MqA3f17ngC98ma_1gTZN1FGT5-Y>

> Kevin—registry update delayed due to fire at Museum of Chinese in
> America—he has been helping out with that. METS Board is also looking
> at COPTR. Consider their model so we don’t have to maintain our PREMIS
> registry. PREMIS already has a placeholder/tag in COPTR. Karin will
> prepare something re: this idea for our next meeting.
>
> Rebecca--will start working on ontology updates/workflow. Betrand and
> Qi did last update—Tracy facilitated. Jack can aid once GitHub space
> is setup in NDMSO. Tracy discussed GitHub models with NDMSO programmer
> and recommends using NDMSO BIBFRAME GitHub space as a model so that we
> can give easy access to PREMIS EC members as needed—i.e. Jack. Tracy
> will ask Sally for approval to move forward and set this up and get
> Jack access.
>
> Karin--Poland trip in March to do PREMIS tutorial

-   2020 Calendar—Next Meeting

> 19th of February
>
> 18th of March
>
> 15th of April
>
> 20th of May
>
> 17th of June
>
> 15th of July
>
> 19th of August
>
> 16th of September
>
> 21st of October
>
> 18th of November
>
> 16th of December
