PREMIS Editorial Committee 
==========================

-   Karin Bredenberg, chair (Kommunalförbundet Sydarkivera)

-   Bertrand Caron (Bibliothèque nationale de France) \*

-   Angela Dappert (British Library) \*

-   Angela Di Iorio (Sapienza Università di Roma)\*

-   Rebecca Guenther (Library of Congress) \*

-   Michelle (Micky) Lindlar (TIB Leibniz Information Centre for Science
    and Technology) 

-   Tracy Meehleib (Library of Congress)

-   Jack O’Sullivan (Preservica)

-   Terje Pettersen-Dahl (National Archives of Norway) \*

-   Sarah Romkey (Artefactual Systems) 

-   Marjolein Steenman (Netherlands Intsitute for Sound and Vision) 

-   Eld Zierau (Royal Library of Denmark)

Agenda 2020-11-18
=================

1.  (Previous notes, have been mailed and are in the drive)
    <https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1cFRGwUr5aPb9dDYnHnZtkVm3gNgQCTpB?usp=sharing>

2.  AoB?

3.  Call for new members—We have adraft. Next step: who will make
    contact? Karin will contact Leslie Johnston at NARA. We will delay
    the call until next year. Micky is recommending K O’Leary of
    National Library of Ireland—she will add him to the contact list. We
    are also talking about having an open call.

4.  Next steps  
    <https://drive.google.com/open?id=1v7ObGb42m7Lbq6S3MqA3f17ngC98ma_1gTZN1FGT5-Y>

    1.  Wiki (Sarah, Karin and Marjolein)—Sarah tried it this morning
        and it is not working. Karin managed to login at some point.
        Sarah to send Tracy logo size—we need a high res logo. We could
        also use a logo for presentations. Marjolein and Karin started
        looking at the wiki files we have—we have had several editorial
        wikis PREMIS wiki 2003-2006 (589 files), then PEC wiki 2006-2018
        (776 files), and PIGPEN wiki 2006-2014 (355 files). Karin has
        made extensive notes—see today’s agenda slide 8. Marjolein
        started looking at files to upload to new wiki. However, after
        looking at all of these files they decided to not upload all
        these files, but create a ”legacy page” that links back to older
        files if needed. The notes are in good order and the follow a
        consistent naming pattern. Perhaps had over to Eld and Angela
        and zip in a tar file? Take a look at xml and see if it is
        possible to turn it into a legacy page. We should have harvested
        it. Turn pages back into html in order to get access to them.
        Jack will take a look to see if it is possible. The files are in
        the drive. Karin and Marjolein will send the link to them. It
        probably doesn’t matter which one you look at as they are all in
        the same structure. We have the notes in pdf so we can put those
        up. Slowly closing in on a structure—see image on slide 9. Lots
        of the files are working do.cs—for research it migh tbe
        interesting, but overkill to include them in the new wiki

    2.  Rights (Marjolein)—looking ot schedule a date—waiting for Jack
        or Kevin ot reply. Not everyone ahs filled in the doodle.
        Marjolein also invited Micky to describe use case. Marjolein
        will suggest another date/time. Dec 2nd is the preferred date.

5.  Outreach (Angela Dappert)—Currently Micky, Tracy, Karin—looking for
    more members. Marjolein is happy to join next meeting. iPres will
    most likely be online next year. We already have a tutorial for it.

6.  AoB

7.  Calendar & Next Meeting (Karin): Dec. 16th. Bookings will be sent
    out for 2021. October may be on an off week due to iPRES.
