**PREMIS Editorial Committee  
**

-   Karin Bredenberg, chair (Riksarkivet, Swedish National Archives)

-   Lina Bountouri (Publications Office of the European Union)\*

-   Bertrand Caron (Bibliothéque nationale de France)

-   Angela Dappert (British Library) \*

-   Kevin De Vorsey (National Archives and Records Administration)

-   Angela Di Iorio (Sapienza Università di Roma)

-   Rebecca Guenther (Library of Congress)

-   Michelle (Micky) Lindlar (TIB Leibniz Information Centre for Science
    > and Technology)

-   Tracy Meehleib (Library of Congress) \*

-   Jack O’Sullivan (Preservica)

-   Terje Pettersen-Dahl (National Archives of Norway)

-   Sarah Romkey (Artefactual Systems)

-   Marjolein Steenman (Netherlands Intsitute for Sound and Vision) \*

-   Eld Zierau (Royal Library of Denmark)

> \* = regrets

**PREMIS EC call notes 20200318**

-   Previous notes, have been mailed and are in the drive:  
    > [<span
    > class="underline">https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1vXHt25Y\_fxzQqu-GeGHcd2gDmje2W\_4H</span>](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1vXHt25Y_fxzQqu-GeGHcd2gDmje2W_4H)

**AoB?** None

**Update on outreach (Karen)**

-   iPRES2020

<!-- -->

-   Submission has been handed in (Karin, Eld and Micky)

-   Micky reports that iPRES2020 will most likely be moved to next year

<!-- -->

-   PREMIS tutorial in Warsaw

    -   was cancelled, National Library of Poland would like to move
        > this to a later date (also involves people from Czech Republic
        > and other countries)

-   Online tutorials

    -   We might also want to think about more online tutorials

    -   Rebecca will check if recordings / slides from tutorials done in
        > the past are available somewhere.

**Investigate new communities (Lina)**

-   Update will be given at next meeting

**COPTR (Karen / Kevin)**

-   Kevin: it looks like a good target to move information to, as it is
    > getting a lot of hits

**Update on Wiki (Sarah)**

-   Based on evaluation of old data it seems the best idea is to start
    > fresh rather than restoring the entire old data

-   Sarah has emailed Carl Wilson asking for blank template that we can
    > use to fill with information which we know needs to be there (like
    > minutes)

-   Filling the Wiki with data should be a shared effort by the EC

-   Rebecca: old Wiki wasn’t really maintained, so it’s a good idea to
    > start fresh

**LC Github (Tracy)**

-   Bertrand: [<span
    > class="underline">https://github.com/lcnetdev/PREMIS/</span>](https://github.com/lcnetdev/PREMIS/) -
    > not in official LC github, this is where Bertrand and Jack were
    > asked to upload PREMIS ontology updates

-   Update by Tracy will be given in next call

**AOB**

-   Onion Model Discussion

    -   Betrand couldn’t join last call but is needed for discussion

    -   Betrand will send out mail to all (or add to google drive)
        > previously accidently sent to only Marjolein

    -   Betrand will find date for next Onion Model call

-   Terje: Have a problem with spam, where some of the mails from the
    > group get stuck in junk email. Terje will provide different email
    > to use in list.

**Dates**

2020 Calendar—Next Meeting

15th of April (ordinary time for all!)

20th of May

17th of June

15th of July

19th of August

16th of September

21st of October

18th of November

16th of December
