PREMIS Editorial Committee

-   Karin Bredenberg, chair (Riksarkivet, Swedish National Archives)

-   Bertrand Caron (Bibliothéque nationale de France)

-   Angela Dappert (British Library)

-   Angela Di Iorio (Sapienza Università di Roma) \*

-   Rebecca Guenther (Library of Congress) \*

-   Michelle (Micky) Lindlar (TIB Leibniz Information Centre for Science
    and Technology)

-   Tracy Meehleib (Library of Congress)

-   Jack O’Sullivan (Preservica)

-   Terje Pettersen-Dahl (National Archives of Norway)

-   Sarah Romkey (Artefactual Systems)

-   Marjolein Steenman (Netherlands Intsitute for Sound and Vision)

-   Eld Zierau (Royal Library of Denmark)

> \* = regrets

PREMIS EC 20200916

(Previous notes, have been mailed and are in the drive)
<https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1cFRGwUr5aPb9dDYnHnZtkVm3gNgQCTpB?usp=sharing>

-   New members—Karin drafted a dcoument listing potential candidates—we
    need to add their emails. Who will contact them? EC will send to PIG
    list as well. Please review this list and submit any feedback you
    have. We are short in/on research data management area and southern
    hemisphere. What about using other channels, e.g., twitter, blog,
    OPF mailing list, etc. We can send out a link to a page? Finalize
    text and have webpage up by next meeting (Karin and Tracy).

-   Next Steps

-   Wiki-We have the site but no password yet. Still waiting on Carl for
    password. We still need to organize wiki contents on Google drive.
    Onion models and ontology examples to be made public on wiki—where
    do these go in wiki structure and can we make them public? Is there
    any discomfort with making the whole wiki public? We could use this
    philosophy going forward? Sarah will ask Carl about possibilities
    when she asks for password.We shoudl be able to have some public and
    some private wiki areas. Can everyone start sorting our old wiki
    files into the new wiki structure?

-   Outreach—this subgroup met earlier this month and we focused on
    iPRES presentation. Micky drafted it in MentiMeter: ”What and how
    would you like to learn about PREMIS?” Micky will present a 2 minute
    Intro with 5 questions using [www.menti.com](http://www.menti.com) –
    see this doc for draft questions:
    &lt;https://docs.google.com/document/d/1ZLfJsYymb29b8Yn9cR0-0sHHjvYxn9zd6g1GSHl9nlE/edit&gt;.
    Check it out live in Menti so you can see how it works when you
    vote. Angela reviewed the 2018 PREMIS survey—she thinks it may be
    useful to review and consider vis-a-vis this survey. Please look
    over the final questions in the Google doc and submit any feedback
    you have.

-   Rights—Marjolein will reply to Rebecca’s request for an update on
    Rights—Karin sent Rebecca the link to the Rights folder earlier this
    week.

-   Calendar & Next Meeting (Karin): October 21st, 2021 dates have been
    posted. We have decided to use ZOOM instead of WebEx from now on.
