PREMIS Editorial Committee

-   Karin Bredenberg, chair (Riksarkivet, Swedish National Archives)

-   Lina Bountouri (Publications Office of the European Union) \*

-   Bertrand Caron (Bibliothéque nationale de France) \*

-   Angela Dappert (British Library) \*

-   Kevin De Vorsey (National Archives and Records Administration)

-   Angela Di Iorio (Sapienza Università di Roma)

-   Rebecca Guenther (Library of Congress)

-   Michelle (Micky) Lindlar (TIB Leibniz Information Centre for Science
    and Technology) \*

-   Tracy Meehleib (Library of Congress)

-   Jack O’Sullivan (Preservica) \*

-   Terje Pettersen-Dahl (National Archives of Norway)

-   Sarah Romkey (Artefactual Systems)

-   Marjolein Steenman (Netherlands Intsitute for Sound and Vision) \*

-   Eld Zierau (Royal Library of Denmark) \*

> \* = regrets

PREMIS EC Agenda 20200219

**Agenda**

-   (Previous notes, have been emailed and are in the drive)
    <https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1vXHt25Y_fxzQqu-GeGHcd2gDmje2W_4H>

-   COPTR – METS is using it for METS tools. Some PREMIS tools are
    mentioned but it’s not as explicit. Kevin looked at it. Is it worth
    investigating? Angela D. participated in a workshop at iPRES COPTR
    might be an attempt to make a census of tools for digital
    preservation. It is supposed to be light weight dig preservation
    policies for small institutions. One benefit to COPTR would be
    exposure for PREMIS—as people might go to COPTR first. Create a new
    category in COPTR for PREMIS. Cf. PREMIS Tools Page and
    Implementation Registry. We can link to COPTR from PPREMIS page.
    Karin and Kevin will draft a brief summary and report to move
    forward with this.

-   Next Steps
    <https://docs.google.com/document/d/1v7ObGb42m7Lbq6S3MqA3f17ngC98ma_1gTZN1FGT5-Y/edit>

> iPRES—Karin, Eld, Micky will go—first draft is ready in Google drive
> folder—please review and comment: ½ day (3-hour) tutorial (it was too
> short in Amsterdam)—deadline is March 15<sup>th</sup>. Karin, Eld, and
> Micky will go to National Library of Poland and test the tutorial
> before China iPRES.
>
> IE, relations, and versioning—we need to decide what we want to
> do—ontology work indicated we need to look more deeply into this? We
> are doing the rights work now so it might be good to implement both at
> the same time. Rebecca might be able to look at and work on
> this—Bertrand was involved with this. Rebecca will contact Bertrand
> about it re: next steps.
>
> Lina is investigating new communities—we will discuss this in our next
> meeting.
>
> Wiki—Sarah spoke with Carl from OPF—he was going to set it up. He
> needs to know which pages to migrate over from old wiki. New wiki
> hosted by OPF will require designating what we want to move over.
> However, it’s been about a year now. How much do we want to move? Give
> Carl the backup. We are talking about 2 wikis becoming 1 wiki. We can
> start with the sealed part now. When we are ready to launch something
> to the public we can do that. It will be set up on Media Wiki. It will
> be hosted on OPF server. Micky, Eld, and Bertrand are all members of
> OPF so they have donated days of work to do this. The old wiki wasn’t
> well organized so we may end up with one page and a bunch of files.
> Karin and Sarah will look at the old files before we import all of
> them. Sarah will take a look in the next week.

-   Calendar & Next Meeting (Karin)

> 18<sup>th</sup> of March—we will keep Euro time—US and Canada will be
> one hour later in March. In April we will be back to normal times.
