PREMIS Editorial Committee

-   Karin Bredenberg, chair (Riksarkivet, Swedish National Archives)

-   Lina Bountouri (Publications Office of the European Union) \*

-   Bertrand Caron (Bibliothéque nationale de France) \*

-   Angela Dappert (British Library)

-   Kevin De Vorsey (National Archives and Records Administration)

-   Angela Di Iorio (Sapienza Università di Roma)

-   Rebecca Guenther (Library of Congress)

-   Michelle (Micky) Lindlar (TIB Leibniz Information Centre for Science
    and Technology) \*

-   Tracy Meehleib (Library of Congress)

-   Jack O’Sullivan (Preservica)

-   Terje Pettersen-Dahl (National Archives of Norway)

-   Sarah Romkey (Artefactual Systems)

-   Marjolein Steenman (Netherlands Intsitute for Sound and Vision)

-   Eld Zierau (Royal Library of Denmark) \*

\* = regrets

PREMIS EC Agenda 2020617

-    Previous notes, have been mailed and are in the drive

-   PREMIS ontologies and vocabularies – Tracy & Kevin Ford. LC will not
    be changing canonical URIs for ontologies and vocabularies that
    support the ontologies. EC needs to discuss possible implications
    and performance for users--so users have same experience that they
    have now. The LC move to https is unavoidable. Karin and Tracy will
    draft and send out a notice to PREMIS users on PIG list: explain
    change, ask users to let us know how it is impacting them, etc. Jack
    thinks we want to change canonical URIs eventually. Conversation on
    id.loc.gov. Karin and Tracy will draft an email for EC to review. We
    will send it out to the PIG list by Monday, June 22. Ask them if
    they would like URIs to be changed? All the info will go out in one
    email. July 9<sup>th</sup> is the tentative date. In the next 3-4
    weeks, ID will switch to HTTPS, meaning that whenever you go to
    id.loc.gov, if you did not use “https” your request will
    automatically be redirected to https.  

Next Steps:

-   New Communities – Lina – she needs to step down from the EC – can
    someone volunteer to take over this task? Karin can meet with Lina
    and transfer notes to Google drive.

-   Wiki – Sarah & Kevin – page is up there are still some login issues.
    We still have sorting to do before adding to wiki. Kevin has made
    notes in pdf. We need to move everything back into the folder
    structure. Who will do the work? The notes will be the easiest to
    move into the folder structure. Kevin will do that.

-   COPTR – Karin & Kevin – no movement on this

-   Rights Working Group – Marjolein – no action lately, they need to
    restart this in June/July if possible

-   Onions – Bertrand, Eld, Karin, and Rebecca, Marjolein

> Work Plan

-   Revisit the text in the DD regarding the Onion model (in Special
    > topics, p. 256 sqq.,
    > <https://www.loc.gov/standards/premis/v3/premis-3-0-final.pdf#page=266>),
    > the difference between Files, Bitstreams and filestreams (p. 12
    > sqq.,
    > <https://www.loc.gov/standards/premis/v3/premis-3-0-final.pdf#page=22>)
    > and make it more flexible and non ambiguous

-   Create a webpage (wikipage) regarding implementation of the
    > composition levels with fuller descriptions and have users
    > contribute. First contribution will be Bertrand and BnF

-   This means no changes in the DD semantic units or ontology

    -   Transformations from XML to rdf need to handle the composition
        > levels and create separate Files for different composition
        > levels of a File.

Working Group Members: We need to set up a working group-Karin will send
out an email

-   Go through the text and suggest update

-   Draft for web/wiki page for composition level descriptions

-   Request contributions from PREMIS users to describe their use cases
    > about compound / complex objects

-   White paper explaining the concept? 

1.  How the DD envisioned representing different composition levels in
    > general terms

2.  How this is represented in XML

3.  How it might be represented in RDF

4.  Questions to consider in modeling as compound/complex objects as
    > Linked Data

-   Outreach – suggestion for open webinar as first task. Micky wants to
    participate in this group. We also have tutorials. This ties in with
    Lina’s work. Implementing PREMIS—how do we set up an outreach team?
    Angela Dappert is happy to help. New communities and Tutorials and
    Open webinars would be subgroups. Recruit someone to replace Lina?

-   Wikipedia – who can be responsible for doing this? We need to update
    the current page from 2008.

-   eArchiving Building Block/Simple PREMIS Profile – Karin – postponed

Next Meeting: July 15<sup>th</sup>. Can we get a volunteer to run the
meeting? Tracy can set up WebEx and take notes. Karin will draft the
agenda.
