**PREMIS Editorial Committee  
**

-   Karin Bredenberg, chair (Riksarkivet, Swedish National Archives)

-   Lina Bountouri (Publications Office of the European Union) \*

-   Bertrand Caron (Bibliothèque nationale de France)

-   Angela Dappert (British Library)

-   Angela Di Iorio (Sapienza Università di Roma) \*

-   Rebecca Guenther (Library of Congress) \*

-   Michelle (Micky) Lindlar (TIB Leibniz Information Centre for Science
    > and Technology)

-   Tracy Meehleib (Library of Congress) \*

-   Jack O’Sullivan (Preservica) \*

-   Terje Pettersen-Dahl (National Archives of Norway)

-   Sarah Romkey (Artefactual Systems)

-   Marjolein Steenman (Netherlands Intsitute for Sound and Vision)

-   Eld Zierau (Royal Library of Denmark)

> \* = regrets

**PREMIS EC call notes 2020-09-16:**

-   Previous notes, have been mailed and are in the drive:  
    > [<span
    > class="underline">https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1vXHt25Y\_fxzQqu-GeGHcd2gDmje2W\_4H</span>](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1vXHt25Y_fxzQqu-GeGHcd2gDmje2W_4H)

**AOB?**

-   Tracy and Karin have been working on getting the data dictionary
    > into a TEI based format following the work with Tag Libraries in
    > TS EAS, [<span
    > class="underline">https://github.com/SAA-SDT/EAS-TagLibraries</span>](https://github.com/SAA-SDT/EAS-TagLibraries)
    > which means there will be another format than Word

-   Tracy is currently looking through Introductory Text

-   Betrand noticed that some information on the website is outdated
    > (e.g., “Draft” status for documents which aren’t a draft anymore
    > and “new” button for information that has been there for a long
    > time) → he will send an email, asking Tracy to fix this

**Call for New Members**

-   See draft email and all information here: [<span
    > class="underline">https://docs.google.com/document/d/1EHUQEbEJPzobKAtLTQFatysFFnHLHOrdIuIBK2D6raQ/edit\#heading=h.z1ajj9r0milc</span>](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1EHUQEbEJPzobKAtLTQFatysFFnHLHOrdIuIBK2D6raQ/edit#heading=h.z1ajj9r0milc)

-   Angela Dappert has added contact information for some people

<!-- -->

-   When should we open this up?

    -   End of November, with the intention of having people join in for
        > meetings starting in the new year sounds good.

**Wiki**

-   Karin now has a login; Sarah will register soon → both will be
    > administrators of the page and can start setting it up

-   Would be good to have the PREMIS logo available as a high resolution
    > image (currently not available)

**Wiki folder layout**

-   Marjolein has sorted all documents → thanks for this!

-   Marjolein came across “Project Documentation”/Internal Discussion
    > Documents fron 2004 & 2005 in the “Presentations” folder → should
    > they be there or somewhere else?

    -   Karin & Marjolein will look through the documents as sorted and
        > jointly decide which information should go where / what should
        > be uploaded; Angela and Rebecca (and possibly Eld) have
        > knowledge of how the old Wiki was set up and can assist in
        > sorting information in a second step

**Rights**

-   Marjolein tried to recap all the use cases as provided by the
    > members of the working group

-   [<span
    > class="underline">https://docs.google.com/document/d/1b3NJwrW6CyOM\_cz6Z8KFM7iKto8be2WwhRofxF7PEPQ/edit</span>](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1b3NJwrW6CyOM_cz6Z8KFM7iKto8be2WwhRofxF7PEPQ/edit)

-   It’s still possible to add use cases (Micky will add one)

-   Rebecca also sent a (draft) report with use cases, which will be
    > added to the working group documents

-   Betrand will not have time to look through the documents in depth
    > until next year; has briefly revised the BnF use case though

-   Bertrand stresses that this is a chance to look over the rights
    > modelling thoroughly and compare it with the questions that the
    > ontology modelling group has raised regarding rights (e.g., how
    > dates are parsed)

-   Marjolein suggests to have at least one meeting in November to go
    > through the other use cases (with the exception of BnF) and then
    > have another meeting in January to discuss the questions raised
    > during the ontology modelling

**Outreach**

-   Inventory list is not complete yet, please everyone contribute!  
    > [<span
    > class="underline">https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1Lpsr3QAvIJzcG\_KL9ZXbn2io-4Ehe6mRUgQ4du1Y2Yg/edit?usp=drive\_web&ouid=116272010914978027592</span>](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1Lpsr3QAvIJzcG_KL9ZXbn2io-4Ehe6mRUgQ4du1Y2Yg/edit?usp=drive_web&ouid=116272010914978027592)

-   Wemissipres survey gathered around 60 answers

-   Angela has written up results of wemissipres survey in a blog to be
    > published for WDPD2020

    -   Eld suggests to have a rounder ending which summarizes the
        > points / next steps

    -   Karin will send it in, it will be published under Angela
        > Dappert’s name

    -   the EC is happy to have this submitted to the dpc as the PREMIS
        > EC blog contribution to the WDPD2020 blog roll

**Dates**

-   2020

    -   18th November

    -   16th December

-   2020

    -   20th January

    -   17th February

    -   17th March

    -   21st April

    -   19th May

    -   16th June

    -   21st July

    -   18th August

    -   15th September

    -   13th October (iPres 19-22 October)

    -   17th November

    -   15th December
