PREMIS Editorial Committee

-   Karin Bredenberg, chair (Riksarkivet, Swedish National Archives)

-   Lina Bountouri (Publications Office of the European Union) – stepped
    down

-   Bertrand Caron (Bibliothéque nationale de France) \*

-   Angela Dappert (British Library)

-   Kevin De Vorsey (National Archives and Records Administration) –
    stepped down

-   Angela Di Iorio (Sapienza Università di Roma)

-   Rebecca Guenther (Library of Congress) \*

-   Michelle (Micky) Lindlar (TIB Leibniz Information Centre for Science
    and Technology)

-   Tracy Meehleib (Library of Congress)

-   Jack O’Sullivan (Preservica)

-   Terje Pettersen-Dahl (National Archives of Norway) \*

-   Sarah Romkey (Artefactual Systems) \*

-   Marjolein Steenman (Netherlands Intsitute for Sound and Vision)

-   Eld Zierau (Royal Library of Denmark) \*

> \* = regrets

PREMIS EC 20200819

(Previous notes, have been mailed and are in the drive)
<https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1cFRGwUr5aPb9dDYnHnZtkVm3gNgQCTpB?usp=sharing>

-   AoB?

-   New members--Lina and Kevin have stepped down. Kevin suggests Leslie
    Johnston. She has expressed an interest in re-joining as she has
    finally been able to hire a digital preservation specialist and is
    able to commit the necessary time. See
    http://www.loc.gov/standards/premis/premis-editorial-committee.html.
    We have a procedure for inviting new members—it would be great to
    have a couple of research/data management people – choose by
    content/region--not from N. America or Europe. Ideas: Contact
    National Library of China given that they organized iPRES? Look
    through implementation registry to try to locate someone. Look for
    someone with experience in outreach and tutorials? Look at
    contributors to PREMIS book? Karin will compile a draft list with
    Leslie on it. Perhaps we should add more than 2 members at this
    point.

<!-- -->

-   LC HTTPS: status report (Tracy): HTTPS is in place.  It went into
    place on 6 August, when ID.LOC.GOV underwent that brief maintenance
    period.  We have noticed some unnecessary redirection happening, but
    we haven’t addressed it yet.  By “unnecessary redirection” I mean,
    for example, a request going to an HTTPs URI, which is then
    redirected to an HTTP one, and then that HTTP request being
    redirected to an HTTPS one.  There are ways we can take the original
    HTTPS-based request and then redirect to another HTTPS endpoint
    without the intermediary HTTP redirect.

<!-- -->

-   WIKI: Progress report from Sarah and Karin--Awaiting OPF to get
    login. Site is created. Needs some tuning. Files needs to be
    uploaded. Meeting notes are transformed to pdf--thanks Kevin. Access
    to the wiki: we have so far said we will start with the internal
    wiki. Is that decision now changed? Karin reviewed the draft
    diagram. There is a discussion now (initiated in the onions
    discussion last month) about having a public area of the wiki where
    we can interface with community.

> Karin will reorganize the wiki diagram/folders so we have, under
> Resources, a ) most current/most relevant/useful resources folder—then
> 2) an area for ”historic”/less relevant/out-dated resources folder.
>
> So we will have 2 folders: current and historic, then these will be
> organized in archival/date/year order. Tutorials and Presentations
> can’t all be categorized by version. Marjolein will help with sorting.
> We will re-organize the training inventory spreadsheet by core, year,
> version—have 3 tabs.

-   COPTR (Karen & Kevin)—in process

-   RIGHTS (Marjolein)-- Working plan:
    https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1dDIpqZDft0GvtA-M2iRmWN5VboK0VG4V?usp=sharing.
    Presentation of inventory. More group members needed! Has a
    submission been made? https://www.dpconline.org/events/wemissipres
    -- no updates

-   ONIONS – work is ongoing

-   OUTREACH (Angela & Marjolein)—DPD on Nov. 5—theme is ”DIGITS for
    GOOD”—Micky, Angela D, Tracy, and Karin are on this subgroup, which
    will start regular meetings. Angela will arrange monthly meeting for
    this group by zoom. First meeting will be in September—monthly
    meetings will be on second Wednesdays of each monthing, starting
    September 9th. Rebecca was going to talk to Lina about communities
    and this is related to outreach. Marjolein showed the Google
    1<sup>st</sup> sheet showing implementation fairs—tutorials and
    implementations, and/or a specific topic. 2<sup>nd</sup> sheet—older
    tutorials—some links don’t work (in red)—we should weed these.
    3<sup>rd</sup> sheet is a list we need to review. There is still one
    more Bibliography page to consider. If anyone has material not on
    this list, please add it—you can create your own tab if you like. We
    can add PREMIS book chapter citations if we don’t have rights to the
    actual content. Do we want to show in PDF or powerpoint? Once this
    is done we will revise the website. EC wants to publish the
    Amsterdam tutorial on the website. Angela di Iorio started working
    on Wikipedia pages. Micky will create a German version of the PREMIS
    page for Wikipedia. Bertrand was involved with WikiData—get update
    from him next month.

-   \#wemissiPRES--Today is the last day to submit something for
    iPRES—we will use the timeslot as a survey to get quick feedback.
    MIcky will use Mentimeter for the survey. The presentation timeslot
    is 10 minutes and audience is broad so we should keep the survey
    broad. Ask some basic questions re: familiarity with PREMIS—how can
    we bridge the gap and make PREMIS accessible. What is the goal?
    Approachability—raise awareness—it’s a social goal. Get feedback
    from a broad audience re: what kind of material is most helpful.
    Pitch ideas for potential tutorials and ideal length. Micky will
    draft and submit our proposal today.

-   Karin is working on a simple PREMIS profile—it will go out in
    October.

-   Calendar & Next Meeting (Karin): Sept.16.
