PREMIS Editorial Committee

-   Karin Bredenberg, chair (Riksarkivet, Swedish National Archives)

-   Lina Bountouri (Publications Office of the European Union)

-   Bertrand Caron (Bibliothéque nationale de France)

-   Angela Dappert (British Library) \*

-   Kevin De Vorsey (National Archives and Records Administration)

-   Angela Di Iorio (Sapienza Università di Roma) \*

-   Rebecca Guenther (Library of Congress) \*

-   Michelle (Micky) Lindlar (TIB Leibniz Information Centre for Science
    and Technology) \*

-   Tracy Meehleib (Library of Congress)

-   Jack O’Sullivan (Preservica)

-   Terje Pettersen-Dahl (National Archives of Norway)

-   Sarah Romkey (Artefactual Systems)

-   Marjolein Steenman (Netherlands Intsitute for Sound and Vision)

-   Eld Zierau (Royal Library of Denmark)

> \* = regrets

PREMIS EC 20200415

(Previous notes, have been mailed and are in the drive)
<https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1cFRGwUr5aPb9dDYnHnZtkVm3gNgQCTpB?usp=sharing>

-   AoB?

-   Tracy set up LC/PREMIS GitHub repository for PREMINS ontology files
    at <https://github.com/lcnetdev/PREMIS/>– Jack, Bertrand, and
    Rebecca are writers. It is ready to be populated.

    -   Existing GitHub repo:
        <https://github.com/PREMIS-OWL-Revision-Team/premis-owl>

    -   New NDMSO PREMIS GitHub repo created here:
        <https://github.com/lcnetdev/>

    -   PREMIS 3.0 Ontology page:
        <http://www.loc.gov/standards/premis/ontology/owl-version3.html>

> (Tracy will update links in this page once the new repo is up)

-   <https://github.com/PREMIS-OWL-Revision-Team/premis-owl/tree/master/examples>

-   <https://github.com/PREMIS-OWL-Revision-Team/premis-owl/blob/master/premis3.owl>

-   Bertrand thinks we should move these 5 files: file for ontology plus
    4 TURTLE examples that are in the EXAMPLES folder—don’t move the
    pdfs. Jack will move these 5 identified files.

-   Tracy will add all EC members as readers to GitHub repo. Please send
    Tracy your GitHub names.

-   Once all the ontology files are moved and links are made, Tracy will
    send out a notice to PIG list.

<!-- -->

-   Next steps – Doc still here and getting updated  
    <https://drive.google.com/open?id=1v7ObGb42m7Lbq6S3MqA3f17ngC98ma_1gTZN1FGT5-Y>

    -   iPRES 2020 was moved to 2021—EC will leave our tutorial
        submission there and update it for iPRES2021 at a later date.

    -   New Communities—Lina was going to move from Belgium to
        Luxembourg—she will update us at a later meeting.

    -   Onions – Bertrand sent some possible dates for the next meeting
        – we will do it at 5PM CEST. Karin will organize Doodle poll to
        decide on the date for the meeting.

-   AoB

    -   PIG list Question – is there a difference between personal vs.
        EC response? EC members can do either—reply as individuals.

    -   PIG list question re: app. We received another question today
        re: an app—is this a real question? Appears to be spam.

    -   PIG list Question re: moving from Fedora 3 to 5 – what eventType
        should they use? It’s not really migration—transfer might be the
        closest eventType in PREMIS—depends on how you define a
        repository. Moving from Fedora 3 to 5 could be changing the
        metadata manifest. Compare preservica and rosetta—how do you
        capture that correctly. If metadata manifest changes
        substantially this would complicate the issue. Micky will answer
        this question. Others can chime in to clarify.

-   Calendar & Next Meeting (Karin): May 20
