PREMIS Editorial Committee 
==========================

-   Karin Bredenberg, chair (Kommunalförbundet Sydarkivera)

-   Bertrand Caron (Bibliothèque nationale de France)

-   Angela Di Iorio (Sapienza Università di Roma) \*

-   Rebecca Guenther (Library of Congress) \*

-   Hanne Mari K. Hindklev (Norsk Helsenett SF) \*

-   Leslie Johnston (National Archives and Records Administration) \*

-   Michelle (Micky) Lindlar (TIB Leibniz Information Centre for Science
    > and Technology)

-   Tracy Meehleib (Library of Congress) \*

-   Jack O’Sullivan (Preservica) \*

-   Terje Pettersen-Dahl (National Archives of Norway)  \*

-   Sarah Romkey (Artefactual Systems) 

-   Marjolein Steeman (Netherlands Intsitute for Sound and Vision)  \*

-   Eld Zierau (Royal Library of Denmark)

\* = regrets

Agenda 2023-05-17
=================

1.  Notetaker: Bertrand

2.  (Previous notes, have been mailed and are in the drive) [<span
    > class="underline">https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1cFRGwUr5aPb9dDYnHnZtkVm3gNgQCTpB?usp=sharing</span>](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1cFRGwUr5aPb9dDYnHnZtkVm3gNgQCTpB?usp=sharing)

3.  AoB?!

    1.  None added to the agenda

4.  DPC webinar & DPA award sum

    1.  The DPC has received a first draft of the Spanish translation
        > from their translator.. The terminology was revised to be
        > consistent with the previous version.

    2.  Where should it be published? -&gt; PREMIS website with a DPC
        > announcement and link.

    3.  Additionally, the DPC offered to make an online webinar/workshop
        > to publicize the translation. DPC is in contact with the
        > organization RIPDASA (cyted.org/es/ripdasa) which produces
        > webinars in Latin America. They agree to collaborate on a
        > PREMIS introduction webinar, with a focus on tools readily
        > available (their audience generally has limited budgets).
        > Sarah Middleton proposes a recording in English, with Spanish
        > subtitles. The introduction would be made by DPC, an
        > English-speaking moderator would then manage the session (stop
        > the recording, take time for exercises, etc.) and a member of
        > the PEC should assist for Q&A.

    4.  Duration: the group agrees on 90 minutes. A remote event is not
        > great for exercises; instead an online quiz could be proposed
        > (DPC uses Mentimeter). In this case, there is no need to
        > define a maximum number of participants.

    5.  Karin, Eld and Micky will do the presentation on July 3rd (2 pm
        > CEST). Sarah Romkey will be present the day of the webinar
        > (July 24th, 10 am Mexico time).

5.  IFLA-LRM follow up

    1.  The purpose of the work would be to define how the two standards
        > relate: which classes have close semantics (LRM:
        > Manifestation/Item, PREMIS: IE/Representation); in which cases
        > they would be equivalent; in which cases they would differ.

    2.  The document at [<span
        > class="underline">https://docs.google.com/document/d/1iFjHoxSEkv0QlNDqNneGK5CePa9nLaR6/edit</span>](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1iFjHoxSEkv0QlNDqNneGK5CePa9nLaR6/edit)
        > was updated. Aimed at both the PEC and LRM maintainers.

    3.  Micky supports the effort, Eld is interested but expresses
        > reservations.

    4.  Should there be a subgroup on this subject?

6.  Paper written by Ross Spencer, "PREMIS Events Through an
    > Event-sourced Lens" in the Code4lib journal : [<span
    > class="underline">https://journal.code4lib.org/articles/17264</span>](https://journal.code4lib.org/articles/17264)

    1.  Members who attended the meeting haven’t read it yet.

    2.  Jack said he’d write down something about it.

    3.  Karen’s reaction: vocabularies at id.loc.gov are not meant to be
        > a limited and comprehensive list. Any PREMIS user can use
        > their ones and still be PREMIS-compliant.

7.  SignatureMethod and related vocabularies

    1.  Angela DI could not attend today

    2.  On the June agenda

8.  AoB

    1.  None

9.  Calendar & notetaker on the Next Meeting

    1.  Next meeting 21<sup>st</sup> of June

    2.  Notetaker: Angela DI
