PREMIS Editorial Committee 
==========================

-   Karin Bredenberg, chair (Kommunalförbundet Sydarkivera)

-   Bertrand Caron (Bibliothèque nationale de France) 

-   Angela Di Iorio (Sapienza Università di Roma) \*

-   Rebecca Guenther (Library of Congress) \*

-   Leslie Johnston (National Archives and Records Administration) \*

-   Hanne Mari K. Hindklev (Norsk Helsenett SF)

-   Michelle (Micky) Lindlar (TIB Leibniz Information Centre for Science
    > and Technology)

-   Tracy Meehleib (Library of Congress)

-   Jack O’Sullivan (Preservica)

-   Terje Pettersen-Dahl (National Archives of Norway) 

-   Sarah Romkey (Artefactual Systems) 

-   Marjolein Steeman (Netherlands Intsitute for Sound and Vision) \*

-   Eld Zierau (Royal Library of Denmark)

\* = regrets

Agenda 2023-09-13
=================

1.  Notetaker: Hanne Mari

2.  (Previous notes, have been mailed and are in the drive) [<span
    > class="underline">https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1cFRGwUr5aPb9dDYnHnZtkVm3gNgQCTpB?usp=sharing</span>](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1cFRGwUr5aPb9dDYnHnZtkVm3gNgQCTpB?usp=sharing)

3.  AoB?!

    1.  None added to the agenda

4.  iPres2023,

    1.  It is university internett - some worries about the capacity

    2.  Implementation Fair: Micky is in the lead, Program posted on the
        > PREMIS EC web page

    3.  Poster: They will run the recording and we will answer questions
        > afterwards

5.  SignatureMethod and related vocabularies (Angela DI and Bertrand)

    1.  Angela DI and Bertrand are working with this, and will forward
        > the information to the email list. Angela has sent the
        > excel-sheet and has everything she needs to get it updated.

> For the next meeting Angela and Bertrand wil go ahead on this task,
> and on the process with the LOC.

1.  Ross Spencer "PREMIS Events Through an Event-sourced Lens" [<span
    > class="underline">https://journal.code4lib.org/articles/17264</span>](https://journal.code4lib.org/articles/17264)

    1.  Jack will present this after iPres2023.

2.  PREMIS in METS guideline (Karin)

    1.  There is created a METS beta version 2, with some changes in
        > METS that have some consequences for PREMIS

    2.  PREMIS in METS2 - a guideline on the PREMIS webpage. We need an
        > easy way to get suggestions, a list for new metadata.

3.  Next steps  
    > [<span
    > class="underline">https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1okxDG2XHJAwRDSI\_o427gM-MZYP3NG2Z6wSFz-Ad-7Q/edit?usp=sharing</span>](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1okxDG2XHJAwRDSI_o427gM-MZYP3NG2Z6wSFz-Ad-7Q/edit?usp=sharing)

4.  Outreach

    1.  Tracy has updated the info about iPres. Our presentations are
        > also uploaded in Zenodo.

    2.  Digital Preservation Day in november.

5.  AoB

    1.  Tracy suggests an IT-specialist (analytics/statistics) that
        > could come in a meeting to see about the stats ++. Micky
        > commented about the website, it would be nice with some stats.

> Karin says that the reports are missing from the website - Tracy will
> check.

1.  Calendar & Micky notetaker on the Next Meeting

    1.  18th of october is the next meeting.
