PREMIS Editorial Committee

-   Karin Bredenberg, chair (Kommunalförbundet Sydarkivera)

-   Bertrand Caron (Bibliothèque nationale de France) \* 

-   Angela Di Iorio (Sapienza Università di Roma)

-   Rebecca Guenther (Library of Congress) \*

-   Leslie Johnston (National Archives and Records Administration)

-   Hanne Mari K. Hindklev (Norsk Helsenett SF)

-   Michelle (Micky) Lindlar (TIB Leibniz Information Centre for Science
    > and Technology)

-   Tracy Meehleib (Library of Congress) \*

-   Jack O’Sullivan (Preservica)

-   Terje Pettersen-Dahl (National Archives of Norway) 

-   Sarah Romkey (Artefactual Systems) 

-   Marjolein Steeman (Netherlands Intsitute for Sound and Vision) \*

-   Eld Zierau (Royal Library of Denmark) \*

\* = regrets

Agenda 2023-10-18

1.  Notetaker: Micky Lindlar

2.  (Previous notes, have been mailed and are in the drive) [<span
    > class="underline">https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1cFRGwUr5aPb9dDYnHnZtkVm3gNgQCTpB?usp=sharing</span>](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1cFRGwUr5aPb9dDYnHnZtkVm3gNgQCTpB?usp=sharing)

3.  AoB?!

    1.  None added to the agenda

4.  iPres2023 recap

    -   Implementation Fair  
        > - went really well: 45 people on-site and 38 people online -
        > and lots of questions  
        > - would be nice to get a follow-up from Kieran O’Leary somehow
        > about how they will move from their thoughts for the
        > implementation to how they will implement this  
        > - Micky will write email to Kieran, thank him for presentation
        > and say that we would like to stay in contact

    -   Poster  
        > - good feedback was received for poster presentation  
        > - we should upload the video of the presentation together with
        > the poster via Zenodo

    -   Other  
        > - PREMIS was mentioned in several other places like METS
        > tutorial, bake-off

5.  Ross Spencer "PREMIS Events Through an Event-sourced Lens" [<span
    > class="underline">https://journal.code4lib.org/articles/17264</span>](https://journal.code4lib.org/articles/17264)

    -   Feedback from Jack:  
        > - Overall, interesting paper  
        > - PREMIS as a data model is mixed too much with PREMIS as an
        > XML implementation  
        > - in some places he interprets the LoC controlled vocab as THE
        > PREMIS controlled vocab  
        > - Jack disagrees with most of what Ross says about
        > conformance  
        > - nouns become actions in past tense and Ross sees an
        > inconsistency here; Jack disagrees  
        > - when Ross writes that he wants to place less importance on
        > the data dictionary it seems that he means the LoC vocab list
        > and not actually the data dictionary  
        > - Ross talks about restrictions around PREMIS conformance,
        > however, Jack points out that differences between Levels 1, 2
        > and 3 are clearly defined and it’s not simply implied that
        > 3&gt;2&gt;1  
        > - Ross talks about PREMIS being expensive to store and being
        > not reasonable in today’s software world → however, he means
        > PREMIS in xml (and PREMIS is implementation agnostic)

    -   Discussion - how do we response?  
        > - counter-article in Code4Lib to reach the same target
        > audience  
        > - how would this work? full article or letter to the editor?  
        > - Sarah offers to work on this with Jack as Ross was
        > specifically naming Preservica and Archivematica in his
        > article  
        > - next step: Sarah and Jack will write article and come back
        > to rest of PEC if feedback is needed

6.  Next steps  
    > [<span
    > class="underline">https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1okxDG2XHJAwRDSI\_o427gM-MZYP3NG2Z6wSFz-Ad-7Q/edit?usp=sharing</span>](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1okxDG2XHJAwRDSI_o427gM-MZYP3NG2Z6wSFz-Ad-7Q/edit?usp=sharing)

7.  Outreach

    -   Digital Preservation Day in november - Micky and Karin will look
        > into a blog for the OPF webpage (review of ipres)

8.  AoB

9.  Calendar & Tracy or Jack on the Next Meeting

    -   15th of November is the next meeting.

    -   Meeting after that will be moved to the 13th of December (as the
        > 20th is so shortly before the holidays)
