PREMIS Editorial Committee 
==========================

-   Karin Bredenberg, chair (Kommunalförbundet Sydarkivera)

-   Bertrand Caron (Bibliothèque nationale de France) 

-   Angela Di Iorio (Sapienza Università di Roma) \*

-   Rebecca Guenther (Library of Congress) \*

-   Hanne Mari K. Hindklev (Norsk Helsenett SF) \*

-   Leslie Johnston (National Archives and Records Administration)

-   Michelle (Micky) Lindlar (TIB Leibniz Information Centre for Science
    and Technology)

-   Tracy Meehleib (Library of Congress)

-   Jack O’Sullivan (Preservica)

-   Terje Pettersen-Dahl (National Archives of Norway) 

-   Sarah Romkey (Artefactual Systems) \*

-   Marjolein Steeman (Netherlands Intsitute for Sound and Vision) \*

-   Eld Zierau (Royal Library of Denmark)

Agenda 2023-01-18
=================

1.  (Previous notes, have been mailed and are in the drive)
    <https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1cFRGwUr5aPb9dDYnHnZtkVm3gNgQCTpB?usp=sharing>

2.  DPC &DPA award sum – Do something that benefits and is free of cost
    for South American users – whom we don’t normally reach. The EC
    needs to claim the award of 1000 pounds before May 2023. If the EC
    can identify how the $ will be used the EC may be able to delay
    actually claiming it. We want to offer the webinar on Brazil
    time--maybe 6pm Central European Time. DPC is trying to do a
    membership push in South America so this dovetails well. One we get
    the time slot we can fill it as we wish—probably a tutorial is best.
    Does anyone have contacts in that area of the world? Ask them what
    they think would be useful—probably high level tutorial, concrete
    with examples, other ideas? We will record the webinar and make it
    available with translations in Spanish & Portuguese. We already have
    a Brazilian Portuguese translation of Intro to PREMIS
    <https://www.loc.gov/standards/premis/understandingPREMIS_portuguese_2021.pdf>
    but we need a Spanish translation. Award money could be used for
    translations. EC’s of award money relates back to keynote at IPRES
    2022 re: people who can’t make it to iPRES conferences. Zoom has an
    automatic translation for captions. We could try a Zoom Spanish
    translation of the webinar then Tracy can review it and see if she
    can get help from LC’s Hispanic division as well. The Hispanic
    division may have a Portuguese speaker/translator as well. Tracy
    noted that PREMIS webstats indicate an interest from
    Spanish-speaking countries. Would be great to have the Data
    Dictionary translated into Spanish as well. Karin will solicit info
    from South American connections re; webinar content and start
    planning the event. Karin will also attend an additional DPC award
    webinar on Jan 25.

3.  AoB --none

4.  Calendar & Next Meeting (Karin) Feb 15 – iPRES 2023 will be big
    topic – more on PIF and plan to have a poster and a paper for a
    poster by March 10.

5.  IFLA LRM (Bertrand)

    1.  <https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1vi5sxpJFIhRwH-llshdd2cv7VhMEy9Kt?usp=sharing>

    2.  Bertrand: LRM in PREMIS exploration. Complex question. Trigger
        of this exploratory work was Micky’s paper on modelling of
        digitization of complex video material – distinction between
        analog (FRBR) and digital (PREMIS). What is our position re:
        aligning LRM and PREMIS? Describe use cases and identify points
        of contact between the LRM and PREMIS models.

    3.  EC Discussion: Are these at all compatible and/or alignable?
        They are for two different things: LRM/decriptive metadata
        standard PREMIS/preservation metadata standard. Bertrand will
        continue to work with LRM to discuss digital preservation
        issues. Two use cases: digitized and born-digital material. EC
        will assemble a small working group led by Bertrand. The charge
        would be to come up with a suggestion for what the result should
        be, describing use cases, providing input, creating a map of
        points of conneciton. Bertrand and Micky will start if off.
        Betrand will attend an IFLA workshop on March 15. He and Micky
        will figure out what are we trying to achieve and what are the
        deliverables. Bertrand is eager to raise awareness re: digital
        preservation – and explore hte extent to which it impacts the
        LRM model. We will discuss this topic again on April 19.
