PREMIS Editorial Committee

-   Karin Bredenberg, chair (Kommunalförbundet Sydarkivera)

-   Bertrand Caron (Bibliothèque nationale de France) \* 

-   Angela Di Iorio (Sapienza Università di Roma) \*

-   Rebecca Guenther (Library of Congress) \*

-   Leslie Johnston (National Archives and Records Administration)

-   Hanne Mari K. Hindklev (Norsk Helsenett SF) \*

-   Michelle (Micky) Lindlar (TIB Leibniz Information Centre for Science
    > and Technology)

-   Tracy Meehleib (Library of Congress) \*

-   Jack O’Sullivan (Preservica)

-   Terje Pettersen-Dahl (National Archives of Norway)  \*

-   Sarah Romkey (Artefactual Systems) 

-   Marjolein Steeman (Netherlands Intsitute for Sound and Vision) \*

-   Eld Zierau (Royal Library of Denmark) \*

\* = regrets

Agenda 2023-11-15

1.  Notetaker: Jack O’Sullivan

2.  (Previous notes, have been mailed and are in the drive) [<span
    > class="underline">https://docs.google.com/document/d/1sRWzMhInDgmQFmNWmCYByz0x\_YqEJitZ/edit</span>](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1sRWzMhInDgmQFmNWmCYByz0x_YqEJitZ/edit)

3.  AoB?!

    1.  None added to the agenda

4.  Call for new members

    -   We have lost two committee members recently, and it was noted
        > that Rebecca has broadly been ex officio, so we are a few
        > active committee members down from where we would like to be

    -   Karin suggested it would be good to look for people who would be
        > able to help with some of the outstanding to-do items such as
        > the wiki transfer

    -   It was suggested that we should attempt to find replacements
        > from currently under-represented regions and/institution
        > types. It was suggested that particularly in light of the
        > recent spanish translation it would be good to see if we could
        > get someone from Latin America to be interested.

    -   It was noted that expanding the international reach of the
        > committee might cause more meeting scheduling issues, but
        > we’ve had members from as far a field as New Zealand before so
        > we should be able to make something work.

    -   Micky requested that if we only get applicants from the “usual”
        > regions, we should aim to find members from different types of
        > institutions, although it was agreed that we don’t necessarily
        > need more vendor/product representation as much as “user”
        > representation.

    -   Karin will draft a new call for members with a specific focus on
        > what we’re looking, to be ready for the next meeting with a
        > view to putting it out in January 2024.

    -   It was suggested we could ask the DPC to help cross-promote to
        > get a wider international reach.

    -   Karin will set up a new email address for applications.

    -   It was agreed that we are looking for 2-3 people.

5.  iPres2024

    -   Details of the Call for contributions were discussed.

    -   Leslie explained “Birds of a feather” sessions as generally
        > being a bit less formal, it’s typically a meeting with a fixed
        > topic, but not a fixed agenda

    -   “Birds of a feather” proposal deadline is later than the formal
        > paper/poster/tutorial/workshop deadline and is likely to
        > require less work to prepare, frame and “sell”.

    -   Micky suggested that tutorials and workshops tend to be more
        > competitive at european iPres conferences

    -   There was some discussion about the differences between
        > workshops and tutorials and whether there seemed to be an
        > organiser preference for one over the other based on the
        > allocations.

    -   It was agreed that a Birds of a feather submission would
        > probably make more sense for us this year than a workshop or
        > tutorial, given that we have reusable online tutorials, it
        > might make sense to not do another of these in-person until we
        > are presenting a new version.

    -   It was agreed that we should try to get something about the
        > Rights work together either for a poster or lightning talk
        > with a “last call for comments” focus.

    -   Karin will attend the information meeting, but is still waiting
        > for details of the time of that.

    -   We don’t need to do anything specific before January.

6.  Next steps  
    > [<span
    > class="underline">https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1okxDG2XHJAwRDSI\_o427gM-MZYP3NG2Z6wSFz-Ad-7Q/edit?usp=sharing</span>](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1okxDG2XHJAwRDSI_o427gM-MZYP3NG2Z6wSFz-Ad-7Q/edit?usp=sharing)

    -   Karin noted that we are all voluntarily on the committee and
        > everyone is always busy, so it’s understandable that we aren’t
        > making much progress on these, but we do need to start
        > focussing some attention on them.

7.  Outreach

    -   Karin posted the WDPD blog, which seems to have been well
        > received and was retweeted/shared/forwarded on
        > Twitter/X/Mastodon.

    -   We don’t have much scope to actively do more right now.

8.  AoB

    -   Question from Leslie: Is there anywhere else we should be
        > running workshops/tutorials?

    -   Micky suggested ICA as another forum with a different reach from
        > iPres, in particular they have good attendance from African
        > institutions.

    -   Karin to add to the to-do list.

9.  Calendar & Terje to take notes the Next Meeting

    -   13th of December is the next meeting.
