PREMIS Editorial Committee 
==========================

-   Karin Bredenberg, chair (Kommunalförbundet Sydarkivera)

-   Bertrand Caron (Bibliothèque nationale de France) 

-   Angela Di Iorio (Sapienza Università di Roma)\*

-   Rebecca Guenther (Ex-officio)\*

-   Leslie Johnston (National Archives and Records Administration)

-   Hanne Mari K. Hindklev (Norsk Helsenett SF)\*

-   Michelle (Micky) Lindlar (TIB Leibniz Information Centre for Science
    > and Technology)

-   Tracy Meehleib (Library of Congress)\*

-   Jack O’Sullivan (Preservica)

-   Terje Pettersen-Dahl (National Archives of Norway)\* 

-   Sarah Romkey (Artefactual Systems) 

-   Marjolein Steeman (Netherlands Institute for Sound and Vision) 

-   Eld Zierau (Royal Library of Denmark)\*

\*regrets

Agenda 2023-12-13
=================

1.  Notetaker: Sarah

2.  (Previous notes, have been mailed and are in the drive) [<span
    > class="underline">https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1cFRGwUr5aPb9dDYnHnZtkVm3gNgQCTpB?usp=sharing</span>](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1cFRGwUr5aPb9dDYnHnZtkVm3gNgQCTpB?usp=sharing)

3.  AoB?!

4.  Call for new members  
    > [<span
    > class="underline">https://docs.google.com/document/d/1sIpGykzdiBCbn-kajTZaM6Lighob5\_TRwqj8HlRiPeE/edit?usp=sharing</span>](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1sIpGykzdiBCbn-kajTZaM6Lighob5_TRwqj8HlRiPeE/edit?usp=sharing)  
    >   
    > Karin plans to send out the call to lists and Tracy will put on
    > the website by this Friday.  
    > Karin will create a new gmail account to use for this and for
    > other purposes such as Rights feedback forms.

5.  Rights  
    > [<span
    > class="underline">https://drive.google.com/file/d/1d3ffr8Ab2QkAUcuC0P2P36WHPC5ogRXz/view?usp=drive\_link</span>](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1d3ffr8Ab2QkAUcuC0P2P36WHPC5ogRXz/view?usp=drive_link)  
    >   
    > Marjolein recaps the Rights revision work:  
    > - Expands the scope of PREMIS rights to include access, since this
    > is part of the OAIS model. We think it’s important to document
    > access and distribution use cases as well.  
    > - This expansion of scope has opened up a “Pandora’s Box” of all
    > kinds of discussions.  
    > - The Whitepaper defines use cases that we see that need support
    > that is not currently in the data dictionary, and documented the
    > impact on the data dictionary. As a byproduct we discovered some
    > things that might be modeled easier.  
    > - Bertrand: extension of the scope, should be made clear that
    > we’re not claiming to cover the whole field of what access means,
    > just broadening to these new use cases mentioned in the
    > whitepaper. Suggests that we have a sentence like this. About the
    > scope of PREMIS, was looking at the Understanding PREMIS document.
    > Two thoughts: information about rights, says the focus is on
    > preservation functions. Also, there is overlap that is accepted
    > with other domains of metadata such as descriptive metadata, which
    > is also described in Understanding PREMIS. The boundaries of the
    > PREMIS scope are not extremely clear; some overlap is accepted.  
    > - Three groups of use cases  
    > - Group 1- extends the scope so that another agent can have
    > obligation or duty, and make the rule more generic to an object or
    > group of objects, e.g. duration instead of start-end dates.
    > Introduces the idea of rights statements as a “registry” instead
    > of an extension of each object.  
    > - Group 2- gives examples of accumulating rights, that there is
    > sometimes a hierarchy of rights where one rule overtakes another,
    > and users need to know which is decisive. Also takes into account
    > the idea of a trigger. We attempted to model these in the current
    > framework but it seemed insufficient. The extension will be able
    > to model the relationship between rights statements as a whole.  
    > - Group 3- restriction reviews. References to a review event such
    > as classification change or copyright review. Opens up a way to
    > view not only the logging of the object but also logging of the
    > rights statement itself.  
    > - Summary shows the impact on the data dictionary (see slides for
    > specifics). Changes are to rule and ruletype, duration and dates,
    > linking rights-hierarchy, linking events, and linking event/agent
    > from linking element.  
    > - Moving forward: to collect comments and questions from
    > community. We want to be very comfortable whether our suggestions
    > cover the use cases and are practical. We should discuss what are
    > the next steps for involving the community.  
    > - Karin: since only Rights team members are here, we do need to
    > present again to the rest of the EC. Karin will request feedback
    > via email. Then we can look at putting out the whitepaper and a
    > survey to the community.  
    > - Bertrand: we’re struggling against the data dictionary’s
    > structure which “smells like 2005.” Don’t know if we can go as far
    > as we want.  
    > - Karin and Bertrand both gave praise to Marjolein for her efforts
    > in bringing this together in a great summary!

6.  Next steps  
    > [<span
    > class="underline">https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1okxDG2XHJAwRDSI\_o427gM-MZYP3NG2Z6wSFz-Ad-7Q/edit?usp=sharing</span>](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1okxDG2XHJAwRDSI_o427gM-MZYP3NG2Z6wSFz-Ad-7Q/edit?usp=sharing)  
    >   
    > Finishing up Whitepaper, working on the Birds of a Feather for
    > iPRES.

7.  Outreach  
    >   
    > Announcement on Whitepaper will go out to the PIG list before the
    > general public

8.  AoB  
    >   
    > Bertrand: Discussion about the documents for the data dictionary
    > 2.0, discovered that on the website the data dictionary itself is
    > published, but the other document is not on the webpage. Maybe we
    > should publish both on the webpage, or revise the wording on the
    > webpage. Karin suggests waiting for work on the wiki and keep
    > older versions there. Tracy is currently reassigned so no quick
    > fixes to website right now.  
    >   
    > Bertrand: Link with RiC- Florence from that committee will reach
    > out to us again, thinks we should do this because RiC built a new
    > conceptual model. Aligning PREMIS with this will help us
    > familiarize with their model. We will wait for Florence to get
    > back to us.  
    >   
    > Sarah/Jack: Code4Lib response underway, there are a couple of
    > things that are in the response that we want to run by the rest of
    > the committee to make sure it’s a position that we want to take.
    > First is that the data dictionary is the primary artifact of the
    > committee.  
    > Controlled vocabularies- are actually ours, everything under
    > preservation- they are considered the “normative” ones but you can
    > use others.  
    > Still editing underway but worth having other committee members
    > look; Jack will send around, Karin will add to agenda for next
    > time.

9.  Calendar & Sarah or Marjolein notetaker on the Next Meeting  
    >   
    > Karin will do notes on Jan. 17th
