PREMIS Editorial Committee 
==========================

-   **Karin Bredenberg, chair (Kommunalförbundet Sydarkivera)**

-   Bertrand Caron (Bibliothèque nationale de France) 

-   David Cirella (Yale University Library)

-   Rebecca Guenther (Ex-officio)

-   Honghu Fu (National Science Library, CAS)

-   **Leslie Johnston (National Archives and Records Administration)**

-   Hanne Mari K. Hindklev (Norsk Helsenett SF)

-   Michelle (Micky) Lindlar (TIB Leibniz Information Centre for Science
    > and Technology)

-   Tracy Meehleib (Library of Congress)

-   Jack O’Sullivan (Preservica)

-   **Sarah Romkey (Artefactual Systems) **

-   Marjolein Steeman (Netherlands Institute for Sound and Vision) 

-   **Milan Valadou (Meemoo)**

-   **Eld Zierau (Royal Library of Denmark)**

**Present members in bold**

Agenda 2024-10-16
=================

> Notetaker: Sarah
>
> Tracy should be back by next meeting

1.  (Previous notes, have been mailed and are in the drive) [<span
    > class="underline">https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1cFRGwUr5aPb9dDYnHnZtkVm3gNgQCTpB?usp=sharing</span>](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1cFRGwUr5aPb9dDYnHnZtkVm3gNgQCTpB?usp=sharing)

2.  AoB

    1.  Response to article in Code4Lib has been published. No comments
        > or other changes to what we submitted.

3.  iPres 2024

    1.  Made QR code handout for participants

    2.  General suggestions included social media presence (for the EC,
        > not individuals), better PIG-list response time, web page
        > easier to navigate.

        1.  Milan- thinks they may have meant more of a community
            > building aspect, similar to how it is done with E-ARK.

    3.  See agenda slides for Menti-meter results.

        1.  A lot of variation in what people knew coming into the
            > session. It was a good opportunity to get some information
            > out there.

        2.  Sean MacMillan (Kings College London) has been in touch with
            > Karin to talk about templates and examples.

    4.  Birds of a Feather: notes linked from agenda slides.

4.  Invest in Open Infrastructures tool Infra Finder  
    > See information in pdf named
    > “ec-agenda-20241016\_appendix-Invitation to contribute to IOI’s
    > Infra Finder” placed in the agenda folder.

    1.  Email didn’t reach us initially so they reached out again.

    2.  Karin will fill in the required form. They want it ASAP. It’s
        > very similar to the Nestor registry. Karin will also point
        > them to COPTR.

5.  Rights

    1.  Call for comments has ended. No responses at all. At BOF Micky
        > asked for more feedback, even if to let us know it’s ok.

    2.  Karin will talk to Marjolein about next meeting and steps.

6.  Next steps  
    > [<span
    > class="underline">https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1okxDG2XHJAwRDSI\_o427gM-MZYP3NG2Z6wSFz-Ad-7Q/edit?usp=sharing</span>](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1okxDG2XHJAwRDSI_o427gM-MZYP3NG2Z6wSFz-Ad-7Q/edit?usp=sharing)

    1.  OWL- Bertrand could get in touch with Milan soon? Going to
        > re-start working group any time now. Milan will ask Bertrand.

7.  Outreach

    1.  Need to work on moving our notes to the wiki, and restart Zenodo
        > work.

8.  AoB

    1.  Milan- thinking about community building- wondering has there
        > been exploration of funding a community manager with
        > contributions from implementers. Issue being that we do not
        > have any budget or any financial management at all- no way to
        > manage funds. Seems like there is a way to improve community
        > engagement. Would be good to know what people are wanting out
        > of community- what problem are they trying to solve.

    2.  Do we want to survey our community more broadly? There might be
        > survey overload coming over folks.

    3.  Is a mailing list the best communication mechanism? Some
        > generations don’t use them so often! Wiki is a potential place
        > for discussion but we need to finish it. iPRES did demonstrate
        > how many platforms can be used, and people were confused! We
        > need to choose a platform and stick with it.

9.  Next Meeting and notetaker (Tracy)

    1.  November 20th
