PREMIS Editorial Committee 
==========================

-   Karin Bredenberg, chair (Kommunalförbundet Sydarkivera)

-   Bertrand Caron (Bibliothèque nationale de France) \*

-   Angela Di Iorio (Sapienza Università di Roma) \*

-   Rebecca Guenther (Ex-officio) \*

-   Leslie Johnston (National Archives and Records Administration)

-   Hanne Mari K. Hindklev (Norsk Helsenett SF)

-   Michelle (Micky) Lindlar (TIB Leibniz Information Centre for Science
    > and Technology)

-   Tracy Meehleib (Library of Congress) \*

-   Jack O’Sullivan (Preservica)

-   Terje Pettersen-Dahl (National Archives of Norway) \* 

-   Sarah Romkey (Artefactual Systems) 

-   Marjolein Steeman (Netherlands Institute for Sound and Vision) 

-   Eld Zierau (Royal Library of Denmark)

> \*) I wasn’t sure if they were there

Agenda 2024-02-21
=================

1.  Notetaker: Marjolein

2.  (Previous notes, have been mailed and are in the drive) [<span
    > class="underline">https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1cFRGwUr5aPb9dDYnHnZtkVm3gNgQCTpB?usp=sharing</span>](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1cFRGwUr5aPb9dDYnHnZtkVm3gNgQCTpB?usp=sharing)

3.  AoB?!

4.  Response to Code4lib (Jack and Sarah) &gt;&gt; Jack and Sarah will
    > finalize the text and report next meeting

5.  Call for new members (Karin) &gt;&gt; call is open till end of next
    > week. So far only one person responded (NL Royal Library, also
    > member of the Metsboard). We decide to extend the end date to end
    > of March. Karin will send a mail to the PIG-list, X, Mastodon;
    > Lesly and Micky will forward this to resp. DPC and OPF. They will
    > ask if this can be published in their newsletters; in addition to
    > the standard mailinglists.

6.  Rights CfC (Karin)  
    > Whitepaper is ready to publish in a call for comments.  
    > Prepared announcements and the form is found in this folder:
    > [<span
    > class="underline">https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1HGcLJbBoj2kV7Mfo6jylnRNxhCB0BQCC?usp=drive\_link</span>](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1HGcLJbBoj2kV7Mfo6jylnRNxhCB0BQCC?usp=drive_link)

    1.  an announcement on the webpage (short)

    2.  email announcement + where it should go to

    3.  web form with questionnaire &gt;&gt; Karin will put in some
        > corrections

we decide to publish asap and close on 31may (fryday); this should give
us time to digest any comment or new usecase if necessary.

1.  Next steps  
    > [<span
    > class="underline">https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1okxDG2XHJAwRDSI\_o427gM-MZYP3NG2Z6wSFz-Ad-7Q/edit?usp=sharing</span>](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1okxDG2XHJAwRDSI_o427gM-MZYP3NG2Z6wSFz-Ad-7Q/edit?usp=sharing)
    > we need to update the Plan of Work  
    > birds of feather iPRES, call for comments on Rights

2.  Outreach &gt;&gt; notes on the wiki: Hanne Mari will look into it
    > again &gt;&gt; prepares an overview for the next meeting

3.  AoB  
    > Eld asks about iPRES  
    > We will prepare

    1.  birds of feather (only 3 in total will be submitted): similar to
        > implementation fair; Karin +Lesly prepare &gt;&gt; next
        > meeting

    2.  poster on Rights &gt;&gt; Marjolein is on it; describe in 1000
        > words &gt;&gt; deadline May 15th

The committee is very strict in what they will accept, limiting
submissions it seems. Lesly has heard about the poster: there will be 5
poster kiosks &gt;&gt; share and rotate (same for lightning talk; like a
speeddate). Karin adds that there was talk about recording the poster
(audio) and organising meets where people can ask questions

1.  Leslie notetaker on the Next Meeting
