PREMIS Editorial Committee 
==========================

-   Karin Bredenberg, chair (Kommunalförbundet Sydarkivera)

-   Bertrand Caron (Bibliothèque nationale de France) 

-   David Cirella (Yale University Library)

-   Rebecca Guenther (Ex-officio)

-   Honghu Fu (National Science Library, CAS)\*

-   Leslie Johnston (National Archives and Records Administration)

-   Hanne Mari K. Hindklev (Norsk Helsenett SF)\*

-   Micky Lindlar (TIB Leibniz Information Centre for Science and
    > Technology)

-   Tracy Meehleib (Library of Congress)\*

-   Jack O’Sullivan (Preservica)

-   Sarah Romkey (Artefactual Systems) 

-   Marjolein Steeman (Netherlands Institute for Sound and Vision) 

-   Milan Valadou (Meemoo)

-   Eld Zierau (Royal Library of Denmark)

\* = apologies

Agenda 2024-12-11
=================

> Notetaker: Milan

1.  (Previous notes, have been mailed and are in the drive) [<span
    > class="underline">https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1cFRGwUr5aPb9dDYnHnZtkVm3gNgQCTpB?usp=sharing</span>](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1cFRGwUr5aPb9dDYnHnZtkVm3gNgQCTpB?usp=sharing)

2.  AoB

    1.  Karin and Marjolein will plan a meeting to sync up re. work
        > Karin is doing on the data dictionary to get it into a TEI
        > format with transformations for publication. The DD is needed
        > for the Rights work..

3.  Continuation of Code4lib response (Jack and Sarah)

    1.  There is a blog post (cf. [<span
        > class="underline">https://exponentialdecay.co.uk/blog/dont-implement-premis-represent-it/</span>](https://exponentialdecay.co.uk/blog/dont-implement-premis-represent-it/)
        > ). It seems as if they might be a bit upset that we didn’t
        > directly contact them. There are other complaints in the blog
        > as well. A blog does not seem like the correct place to
        > discuss this further. At the moment we just let it be.

    2.  Cf. original article: [<span
        > class="underline">https://journal.code4lib.org/articles/17264</span>](https://journal.code4lib.org/articles/17264).
        > Response: [<span
        > class="underline">https://journal.code4lib.org/articles/18203</span>](https://journal.code4lib.org/articles/18203)
        > .

4.  iPres2025

    1.  Cf. discussion last time. Solution: we will submit 3 suggestions
        > → a tutorial, a poster and a birds of a feather (cf. the one
        > we did this year). Posters and tutorials are peer reviewed and
        > are due in April. The requirements re. Birds of a feather are
        > less strict than the aforementioned two formats. It is the
        > same template as the other two though.

    2.  Tutorials: you need to state whether the tutorial has been given
        > before and, if so, whether it is different from the previous
        > ones. It’s an interesting part of the world to give a PREMIS
        > tutorial, given that the last one in that region was in Kyoto
        > some time ago.

        1.  In Ghent we went for BOAF because we did not have enough
            > time left to enter a tutorial. However, the BOAF seems
            > less intensive to present/prepare for, so it might still
            > be an option if there are not enough people to do
            > everything.

    3.  Poster: an option would be to do this one about the work on
        > Rights. There might be a restriction that you have to be
        > present IRL to talk about the poster, so it remains to be seen
        > who will be there to present it (and who will have time
        > besides other stuff to do it).

        1.  Marjolein plans to enter a poster, regardless of whether she
            > will be able to attend.

5.  Next steps  
    > [<span
    > class="underline">https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1okxDG2XHJAwRDSI\_o427gM-MZYP3NG2Z6wSFz-Ad-7Q/edit?usp=sharing</span>](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1okxDG2XHJAwRDSI_o427gM-MZYP3NG2Z6wSFz-Ad-7Q/edit?usp=sharing)

6.  Outreach

7.  AoB

    1.  Karin will continue conversations with Sean McMillan (cf. this
        > year’s BOAF).

    2.  Bertrand, David and Milan met up re. PREMIS OWL. Next steps are
        > in progress, cf. notes that Bertrand sent. There are some
        > short term objectives: looking at rearranging materials a bit
        > (documentation is scattered across different places), adding
        > real-world examples (e.g. from meemoo), adding a SHACL
        > expression of PREMIS OWL (relates a bit to XSD for XML, offers
        > a way to validate PREMIS OWL).

        1.  Bertrand asks for Elisabeth’s e-mail from Karin to join the
            > PREMIS OWL discussions. → erussey@emory.edu

8.  Next Meeting and notetaker (David)

    1.  See you all next year (15/01)! Happy holidays everyone!
