PREMIS Editorial Committee

-   Karin Bredenberg, chair (Kommunalförbundet Sydarkivera)

-   Bertrand Caron (Bibliothèque nationale de France) 

-   Angela Di Iorio (Sapienza Università di Roma) \*

-   Rebecca Guenther (Ex-officio) \*

-   Leslie Johnston (National Archives and Records Administration)

-   Hanne Mari K. Hindklev (Norsk Helsenett SF)\*

-   Michelle (Micky) Lindlar (TIB Leibniz Information Centre for Science
    > and Technology)\*

-   Tracy Meehleib (Library of Congress) \*

-   Jack O’Sullivan (Preservica)

-   Terje Pettersen-Dahl (National Archives of Norway) \* 

-   Sarah Romkey (Artefactual Systems) 

-   Marjolein Steeman (Netherlands Institute for Sound and Vision)\* 

-   Eld Zierau (Royal Library of Denmark)

\*absent

Agenda 2024-03-20

1.  Notetaker: Sarah

2.  (Previous notes, have been mailed and are in the drive) [<span
    > class="underline">https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1cFRGwUr5aPb9dDYnHnZtkVm3gNgQCTpB?usp=sharing</span>](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1cFRGwUr5aPb9dDYnHnZtkVm3gNgQCTpB?usp=sharing)

3.  AoB?!

4.  Response to Code4lib (Jack and Sarah) &gt;&gt; JHas been sent, Jack
    > will confirm that it was received.

5.  Call for new members (Karin): 4 applications have been received,
    > they are in Google Drive (Planning/Call for Members 2024). One
    > applicant interested in OAIS-PREMIS alignment. Other applicants
    > are from UK, Africa but living in US, and one other. Call remains
    > open until Easter Sunday.

6.  Rights CfC (Karin)  
    > Waiting for Tracy to publish the documents so we can receive
    > comments. If it doesn’t happen next week we may have to prolong
    > the open period.

7.  iPRES 2024: Leslie and Karin have worked on text. Birds of a Feather
    > suggestion is in Google Drive. Have prepared for Marjolein the
    > poster information (for Rights updates).  
    > iPRES has reached out and asked if we are submitting.  
    > Tutorials? Trying to split it up so we don’t do tutorials every
    > year. iPRES is looking for new content, different from the
    > previous year. Next year we could propose a tutorial having to do
    > with the Rights update. (iPRES 2025 is in New Zealand which may
    > also attract more participants from the Asia-Pacific region).

8.  Next steps

9.  Outreach: Hanne Mari was going to check on what’s been uploaded to
    > the wiki.

10. AoB

11. Leslie notetaker on the Next Meeting
