PREMIS Editorial Committee 
==========================

-   Karin Bredenberg, chair (Kommunalförbundet Sydarkivera)

-   Bertrand Caron (Bibliothèque nationale de France) \*

-   David Cirella (Yale University Library)

-   Rebecca Guenther (Ex-officio) \*

-   Honghu Fu (National Science Library, CAS) \*

-   Leslie Johnston (National Archives and Records Administration)

-   Hanne Mari K. Hindklev (Norsk Helsenett SF) \*

-   Michelle (Micky) Lindlar (TIB Leibniz Information Centre for Science
    > and Technology)

-   Tracy Meehleib (Library of Congress) \*

-   Jack O’Sullivan (Preservica)

-   Sarah Romkey (Artefactual Systems) 

-   Marjolein Steeman (Netherlands Institute for Sound and Vision) 

-   Milan Valadou (Meemoo) \*

-   Eld Zierau (Royal Library of Denmark)

> \*=absent

Notes 2024-08-21
================

> Notetaker: Eld

1.  (Previous notes, have been mailed and are in the drive) [<span
    > class="underline">https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1cFRGwUr5aPb9dDYnHnZtkVm3gNgQCTpB?usp=sharing</span>](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1cFRGwUr5aPb9dDYnHnZtkVm3gNgQCTpB?usp=sharing)

2.  AoB

-   Japanese translation handed by Micky

-   NDSA Leslie did a presentation about PREMIS

1.  BOF on iPres 2024 (Karin  
    > [<span
    > class="underline">https://docs.google.com/document/d/1AJONFiyIYTXg1B85Bb-etp49XYYn5dyFoRAZmdeq4Mw/edit?usp=sharing</span>](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1AJONFiyIYTXg1B85Bb-etp49XYYn5dyFoRAZmdeq4Mw/edit?usp=sharing)

-   Karin has prepared a Mentimeter for the Bof at iPRES (Tuesday)  
    > 5 questions in one to be done at the sessions as a starting point
    > for discussions/ice breaker

-   Marjolein: Change to possibility of more answers for Rights

-   Micky: General setup for BoF - no presentations and no slides - so
    > only by phones - quite static - but we can see questions

-   Questions are in the plan of the BoF

-   Micky: Can we add open question,  
    > e.g. what is the hardest thing about PREMIS - agreed by all to be
    > added

-   Can ask for flip charts - Micky asks for it

-   Karin: Need one to take notes - Marjolein has volunteered

-   Karin will make introduction - we have 45 min.

-   Marjolein: remember to introduce EC members

-   Micky: What do we want out of it - Karin: instead of implementation
    > fair - Micky: also to get to know what the hard parts are - Eld:
    > Spread the knowledge of PREMIS existens

-   Several will be at iPRES, several will not

1.  Next steps  
    > [<span
    > class="underline">https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1okxDG2XHJAwRDSI\_o427gM-MZYP3NG2Z6wSFz-Ad-7Q/edit?usp=sharing</span>](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1okxDG2XHJAwRDSI_o427gM-MZYP3NG2Z6wSFz-Ad-7Q/edit?usp=sharing)

> document is up

1.  Outreach  
    > inf. BoF has been posted on web, deadline last week for questions,
    > none have been received

2.  AoB

-   Japanese translation handed to Micky:  
    > change email - Micky will follow up before publish when Tracy has
    > time - Karin will upload the document to google docs in
    > understanding PREMIS folder

-   NDSA Leslie did a presentation about PREMIS:  
    > very short version of slides - was well received

1.  Next Meeting and notetaker

> next meeting is cancelled  
> Bertrand will be notetaker at October meeting
