PREMIS Editorial Committee

-   Karin Bredenberg, chair (Riksarkivet, Swedish National Archives)

-   Lina Bountouri (Publications Office of the European Union)

-   Bertrand Caron (Bibliothéque nationale de France)

-   Angela Dappert (British Library) \*

-   Kevin De Vorsey (National Archives and Records Administration)

-   Angela Di Iorio (Sapienza Università di Roma)

-   Rebecca Guenther (Library of Congress) \*

-   Michelle (Micky) Lindlar (TIB Leibniz Information Centre for Science
    > and Technology) \*

-   Tracy Meehleib (Library of Congress)

-   Terje Pettersen-Dahl (National Archives of Norway)

-   Sarah Romkey (Artefactual Systems)

-   Kara Van Malssen (AV Preserve) \* - stepped down

-   Eld Zierau (Royal Library of Denmark) \*

> \* = regrets

PREMIS EC Agenda 20181219

▪ Previous notes, [<span
class="underline">http://pec.lib.uchicago.edu:8888/pec/46</span>](http://pec.lib.uchicago.edu:8888/pec/46)

▪ Welcome to Sarah Romkey and Michelle (Micky) Lindlar

Micky can’t make the meeting as her flight was delayed. Welcome Sarah!
Karin met with them both on 4<sup>th</sup> of December to orient them to
current EC projects.

▪ Emulation/wikidata (Bertrand)

Bertrand reported: The data model for software and preconfigured
environments in Wiki Data is stabilizing—so we have clearer idea of what
to re: recording relationships—cf. Yale use case. Bertrand had done a
mapping but he thinks we need more intermediary steps to see benefits
and use cases. He will update the document and release it to the working
group to move ahead on this topic in Jan/Feb.

▪ Ontology/Vocabularies (Bertrand)

Everything is now available on id.loc.gov. Bertrand gave an update re:
details. Tracy will further update related webpages today.

▪ iPres2019 (Karin)

Will be in Amsterdam—call for papers opened a couple of weeks ago. What
kind of program do we want this year. Do we want to submit papers (call
is open until March)? Any thoughts—metadata and METS? Tutorial should
not be more than 2 hours? We didn’t have a tutorial in Boston—we had a
pop-up PIM. Suggestion this year is to have a 2-hour tutorial and/or a
PIM with metadata and METS. Karin will go over the application we used
in Boston and revise it and the EC will review it together at our Jan
meeting. Users want a PREMIS “cookbook”—like a subset of elements to be
used for certain use cases. Someone mentioned that the book is a
response to this—maybe we can present some use cases and show how the
books supports them and find various authors to speak/present—something
comparable to Frankfurt presentation with Karin/Eld/Angela at Nestor
event. Maybe we should focus on implementation rather than theory. Karin
will draft an application and contact METS Board—then send it around to
the EC.

▪ Survey (Karin/Kara)

Kara has stepped down. Karin has received all the survey material. She
will review it—then we can see what action points we want to take from
it. We will also summarize the survey results and publish it on the
webpage. Tracy will help with that.

▪ Membership Procedures (Karin)

http://www.loc.gov/standards/premis/premis-editorial-committee-

201808.html

No one has commented so far. We have invited Micky and Sarah to join the
EC in the meantime. We will publish the new membership page. Tracy will
make this live in January.

▪ Wiki (Eld)

Bertrand will follow up with question to OPF? Karin has backup of wiki
from Chicago. Chicago wants to want to know when they can remove our
wiki. Sarah has some experience with wikis—she is happy to volunteer to
guide this effort. She is wondering how our wiki has been used for in
the past and what are our present goals for a new wiki? Karin, Tracy,
and Pete did some initial work and created a diagram of content and a
possible solution in GitHub. Karin will send Sarah all the info she has.

▪ Implementation Registry (Karin)

Postpone this discussion—further evaluate pros/cons of updating the IR
to reflect PREMIS 3.0.

▪ Communication Plan (Karin)

We have a kind of hodge-podge list in Google Doc—we want to clean this
up and unify it—may be related to the purpose and role of the wiki. Lina
Bountouri will work with Karin on this.

▪ WDPD 2018 Blog post
&lt;https://dpconline.org/blog/idpd/premis-news-highlights-for-2018&gt;
was published on DPC website in late November.

▪ CODE4LIB list discussion/question re: LRM, BIBFRAME, and PREMIS.
Bertrand thinks we should talk to LRM people to align some PREMIS
notions like representation and file elements with LRM manifestation and
item. We could draft a couple paragraphs to show points where both
models come together. LRM manifestation=PREMIS representation? Bertrand
will speak with modelers of LRM to clarify mapping between these models.

▪ Calendar & Next Meeting (Karin)--See agenda for 2019 meeting schedule
