PREMIS Editorial Committee 
==========================

-   Karin Bredenberg, chair (Kommunalförbundet Sydarkivera)

-   Bertrand Caron (Bibliothèque nationale de France) 

-   Angela Dappert (Digital Lifecycle Management) 

-   Angela Di Iorio (Sapienza Università di Roma) \*

-   Rebecca Guenther (Library of Congress)

-   Hanne Mari K. Hindklev (Norwegian Health Archives)

-   Leslie Johnston (National Archives and Records Administration)

-   Michelle (Micky) Lindlar (TIB Leibniz Information Centre for Science
    > and Technology)

-   Tracy Meehleib (Library of Congress)

-   Jack O’Sullivan (Preservica)

-   Terje Pettersen-Dahl (National Archives of Norway) 

-   Sarah Romkey (Artefactual Systems) 

-   Marjolein Steenman (Netherlands Intsitute for Sound and Vision) 

-   Eld Zierau (Royal Library of Denmark)

Call Notes 2021-01-20
=====================

1.  (Previous notes, have been mailed and are in the drive) [<span
    > class="underline">https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1cFRGwUr5aPb9dDYnHnZtkVm3gNgQCTpB?usp=sharing</span>](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1cFRGwUr5aPb9dDYnHnZtkVm3gNgQCTpB?usp=sharing)

2.  PREMIS Outreach Committee: Webinar proposals (Angela Dappert)—AD is
    > leading the Outreach Committee (OC) currently but is looking for
    > someone to take it over. During iPres2020 the OC did a survey re:
    > what community needs there are—how/why to adopt PREMIS and
    > establishing common practices. We have an ambitious outreach plan
    > this year. Due to the pandemic and diminished in-person outreach
    > we are focusing on creating webinars using different case studies
    > with Q&As. We will record these and make them publicly available.
    > We have one proposal so far—about combining standards and
    > implementing LOD. Is this a good webinar topic to start with?
    > Charle’s use case: EDM OCFL PREMIS in LOD environment. Eld thinks
    > we need to be careful re: mixing standards – it can confuse people
    > – we need to make it clear what PREMIS is vs. other standards and
    > implementations. Angela thinks this is not best as a first
    > webinar. Do a basic tutorial as our first webinar may be the best
    > approach. Intro, educational, advanced—offer a variety of levels
    > of webinars eventually. Have an internal presentation first with
    > the OWL working group so that EC members understand the ontology
    > issues better. Differences between PREMIS ontologies—EC members
    > need to understand this better. Bertrand should be able to
    > clarify—and give the EC an introduction to OWL during our next
    > meeting (Karin will ask Bertrand). Bertrand thinks Charles might
    > be misunderstanding PREMIS ontology options. Bertrand will email
    > Angela with his thoughts re: Charle’s email. If you know anyone
    > interested in a panel on that topic—linked data--please email
    > Angela, but first let’s organize ourselves internally around this
    > issue—then invite Charles separately. Also: We need more members
    > to join our Outreach Committee. If you are interested—please let
    > Angela or Micky now. If you have any ideas re: outreach, please
    > email Angela.

3.  New members introduction

    1.  Leslie Johnston—Director of Preservation for
        > NARA-policy/procedural role—work with colleagues who do
        > guidance to agencies, systems requirements.

    2.  Anne Mari Hindklev—Norwegian Health Archives—newish—2 years
        > experience–has studied archival science. Very interested in
        > standards and comparing standards. She has been an IT manager
        > in industrial production and now she has been at NHA for a
        > couple years and is studying history for the fun of it.

4.  Next steps  
    > [<span
    > class="underline">https://drive.google.com/open?id=1v7ObGb42m7Lbq6S3MqA3f17ngC98ma\_1gTZN1FGT5-Y</span>](https://drive.google.com/open?id=1v7ObGb42m7Lbq6S3MqA3f17ngC98ma_1gTZN1FGT5-Y)

    1.  Wiki (Karin)—It’s up and running. Karin has a login. Karin and
        > Sarah will start off populating it and getting familiar with
        > it before we add everyone else. Jack is working on
        > transformations—Karin will provide Jack with a deadline.

5.  Outreach

    1.  Zenodo [<span
        > class="underline">https://zenodo.org/</span>](https://zenodo.org/)
        > (Micky) Data sharing community with tagging options. OAI
        > interface. It offers DOIs for publications. The OC is going
        > through the EC’s inventory of publications and sorting them
        > into piles and will add tags to them to organize our
        > publications. The OC will upload them and test the system to
        > see if it works for us or not. We could invite people with use
        > cases to add their materials as well eventually. Micky manages
        > this Zenodo community--if you want to explore:
        > https://www.zenodo.org/  
        > https://zenodo.org/communities/digital-preservation/. Zenodo
        > is run by CERN—it is huge—funded by European Commission. OC
        > will set up a road map for Zenodo.

6.  Calendar & Next Meeting (Karin): Feb. 17th.

7.  Leslie and Rebecca are joining the Rights Working Group—there is a
    > meeting next Tuesday.
