PREMIS Editorial Committee 
==========================

-   Karin Bredenberg, chair (Kommunalförbundet Sydarkivera)

-   Bertrand Caron (Bibliothèque nationale de France) 

-   Angela Dappert (Digital Lifecycle Management) \*

-   Angela Di Iorio (Sapienza Università di Roma) \*

-   Rebecca Guenther (Library of Congress)

-   Hanne Mari K. Hindklev (Norwegian Health Archives)

-   Leslie Johnston (National Archives and Records Administration)

-   Michelle (Micky) Lindlar (TIB Leibniz Information Centre for Science
    > and Technology)

-   Tracy Meehleib (Library of Congress)

-   Jack O’Sullivan (Preservica)

-   Terje Pettersen-Dahl (National Archives of Norway) 

-   Sarah Romkey (Artefactual Systems) 

-   Marjolein Steenman (Netherlands Intsitute for Sound and Vision) \*

-   Eld Zierau (Royal Library of Denmark)

Agenda 2021-04-21
=================

1.  (Previous notes, have been mailed and are in the drive) [<span
    > class="underline">https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1cFRGwUr5aPb9dDYnHnZtkVm3gNgQCTpB?usp=sharing</span>](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1cFRGwUr5aPb9dDYnHnZtkVm3gNgQCTpB?usp=sharing)

2.  AoB?

3.  Licence on documents, decisions on use—Karin summarized the types
    > and locations of PREMIS Docs and our plan to reorganize the PREMIS
    > website, ascribe CC rights to PREMIS docs and software, and link
    > out to various platforms—such as Zenodo (presentations, papers,
    > tutorials), Wiki (notes and other docs), GitHub (XML schemas,
    > ontologies)—to achieve the ultimate goal of making the website
    > light-weight, easy to keep up-to-date, and to promote
    > easier/better access to our documents in general. Today’s
    > discussion focused on EC documents – rather than the schemas and
    > ontologies (which we will discuss at out next meeting).

> GOALS and LIMITS

-   We need to decide where different types of documents will “live”

-   We want to have them in one place if possible--to minimize confusion
    > and updating

-   Our website will have link to Zenodo, Wiki, etc. – but not at a
    > granular level

-   We need to clarify linking relationship between the Wiki and Zenodo

-   We discussed CCBY vs. CC0 –and various angles and considerations
    > (restrictiveness, geographical preferences, etc.)—and decided to
    > use CCBY on PREMIS docs where relevant

-   Rights take precedence over location

-   We have a very diverse ecosystem of documents

-   Leslie believes that CCBY and CC0 are not in conflict—and that we
    > should use the most restrictive CCBY

-   Bertrand asked if we apply regular CC licenses to the XML schema and
    > ontology and/or do we want to consider using a different license
    > for the ontology, XML schema, etc.? Software on GitHub does use CC
    > licensing. We will discuss options and preferences at our May
    > meeting. Karin said that METS uses CCBY.

-   Proposed placement of docs. Karin presented Tracy’s draft plan for
    > the PREMIS website reorg to accommodate Zenodo, Wiki, COPTR, etc.
    > The plan was accepted with the agreement that CCBY rights would be
    > ascribed to all relevant docs regardless of location. Some fine
    > tuning regarding links planned between the Wiki and Zenodo still
    > need to be worked through. Current website reorg plan can be found
    > here: [<span
    > class="underline">https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1BPp9\_JtdT\_--UogIcInd2jLJEqgMR8oc</span>](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1BPp9_JtdT_--UogIcInd2jLJEqgMR8oc)

1.  Next steps  
    > [<span
    > class="underline">https://drive.google.com/open?id=1v7ObGb42m7Lbq6S3MqA3f17ngC98ma\_1gTZN1FGT5-Y</span>](https://drive.google.com/open?id=1v7ObGb42m7Lbq6S3MqA3f17ngC98ma_1gTZN1FGT5-Y)

    1.  Wiki [<span
        > class="underline">https://premis.openpreservation.org/index.php/Main\_Page</span>](https://premis.openpreservation.org/index.php/Main_Page)

        1.  Status (Sarah) – no report at this point

2.  Rights, status report

3.  Outreach

    1.  From the meeting on the 14<sup>th</sup>.

-   Working Plan

-   Preservation Inventory

-   WDPD 2020 as summary of \#WeMissiPres

-   Zenodo

    1.  Warsaw tutorial

> Karin, Eld, and Micky made a tutorial and it has been published on
> YouTube—please take a look at it. There are also community notes
> available for this tutorial. The presentation was a great success and
> it will serve as a case study/example for Micky to work with to show
> how this type of material looks and functions in Zenodo.
>
> Part 1: [<span
> class="underline">https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GiQCNgw-HOE</span>](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GiQCNgw-HOE)
>
> Part 2: [<span
> class="underline">https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LhRMF6vP\_PU</span>](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LhRMF6vP_PU)

1.  AoB

-   Tracy reported on PREMIS vocab search functions: top level search is
    > fixed (https://id.loc.gov/)—mid level search is in the process of
    > being fixed (https://id.loc.gov/vocabulary/preservation.html)

-   Outreach Group is analyzing PREMIS website metrics/stats (3-months
    > and 12-months) and will report back

-   Outreach Group is updating the OWL page

-   Timeline for dealing with licenses? Next meeting to focus on
    > licenses for XML and OWL—Leslie will research and prepare this for
    > next meeting on May 19th

1.  Calendar & Next Meeting (Karin): May 19th
