PREMIS Editorial Committee 
==========================

-   Karin Bredenberg, chair (Kommunalförbundet Sydarkivera)

-   Bertrand Caron (Bibliothèque nationale de France) 

-   Angela Dappert (Digital Lifecycle Management) 

-   Angela Di Iorio (Sapienza Università di Roma)

-   Rebecca Guenther (Library of Congress)

-   Hanne Mari K. Hindklev (Norwegian Health Archives) \*

-   Leslie Johnston (National Archives and Records Administration) \*

-   Michelle (Micky) Lindlar (TIB Leibniz Information Centre for Science
    > and Technology)

-   Tracy Meehleib (Library of Congress)

-   Jack O’Sullivan (Preservica)

-   Terje Pettersen-Dahl (National Archives of Norway) 

-   Sarah Romkey (Artefactual Systems) 

-   Marjolein Steenman (Netherlands Intsitute for Sound and Vision) \*

-   Eld Zierau (Royal Library of Denmark) \*

Agenda 2021-06-16
=================

1.  (Previous notes, have been mailed and are in the drive) [<span
    > class="underline">https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1cFRGwUr5aPb9dDYnHnZtkVm3gNgQCTpB?usp=sharing</span>](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1cFRGwUr5aPb9dDYnHnZtkVm3gNgQCTpB?usp=sharing)

2.  AoB?

3.  Next steps  
    > [<span
    > class="underline">https://drive.google.com/open?id=1v7ObGb42m7Lbq6S3MqA3f17ngC98ma\_1gTZN1FGT5-Y</span>](https://drive.google.com/open?id=1v7ObGb42m7Lbq6S3MqA3f17ngC98ma_1gTZN1FGT5-Y)

    1.  Reminder about the PIG list and being active!

4.  Nestor survey – they are going to publish the results of their 2020
    > survey. The info we provided will be included and we will be
    > visible in the survey results as a group. Once their report is
    > published Micky will give the EC an update on it.

5.  Status reports

    1.  Rights (Marjolein) – meeting yesterday looked at use cases. The
        > Rights group will present their plan and decisions to the EC
        > in September. The Rights group will provide more info to the
        > EC to review before that meeting so that EC members can come
        > informed and prepared to discuss Rights issues at the
        > September EC meeting, which will be devoted entirely to
        > Rights.

    2.  Wiki (Sarah, Hanne Mari, Karin) – the structure and content are
        > up. Carl is installing some widgets for added functionality.
        > The wiki group needs to do some more investigation to find all
        > of the notes. Hanne Marie is looking into missing notes.

    3.  COPTR (Terje) – Terje is starting with the tools page – he hopes
        > to finish with the tools section by August.

6.  Outreach

    1.  From the meeting on the 9<sup>th</sup> of June – Tracy updated
        > the ontology page per the revised design. However, we still
        > need to make it more understandable and usable. We need to add
        > more context. An introduction would be helpful—the EC agreed
        > to add the intro paragraphs back into the revision. We may
        > want to include the rationale for the new version of the
        > ontology and why it is so different from the previous version.
        > Step 1 will be edited by Tracy again for clarification.
        > Bertrand will offer more input re: Step 3 and 4. Micky is
        > suggesting the use of an image to clarify the steps and what
        > the general process is. The EC decided to devote an Outreach
        > Committee meeting to revamping this page on August
        > 11<sup>th--</sup> with Bertrand. If anyone else has ideas
        > please send them to the Outreach Committee (Karin, Micky,
        > Angela Dappert, and Tracy). We plan to change the doc on the
        > fly during the meeting. Tracy will make live updates as we
        > work through it at the Aug 11 meeting.

    2.  Social media – we are trying to be more responsive and monitor
        > Twitter better.

7.  AoB

8.  Calendar & Next Meeting (Karin): 21st of July
