PREMIS Editorial Committee 
==========================

-   Karin Bredenberg, chair (Kommunalförbundet Sydarkivera)

-   Bertrand Caron (Bibliothèque nationale de France) 

-   Angela Di Iorio (Sapienza Università di Roma)

-   Rebecca Guenther (Library of Congress) \*

-   Hanne Mari K. Hindklev (Norsk Helsenett SF) \*

-   Leslie Johnston (National Archives and Records Administration)

-   Michelle (Micky) Lindlar (TIB Leibniz Information Centre for Science
    > and Technology)

-   Tracy Meehleib (Library of Congress)

-   Jack O’Sullivan (Preservica)

-   Terje Pettersen-Dahl (National Archives of Norway) 

-   Sarah Romkey (Artefactual Systems) \*

-   Marjolein Steenman (Netherlands Intsitute for Sound and Vision) 

-   Eld Zierau (Royal Library of Denmark)

Call Notes 2021-11-17
=====================

1.  (Previous notes, have been mailed and are in the drive) [<span
    > class="underline">https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1cFRGwUr5aPb9dDYnHnZtkVm3gNgQCTpB?usp=sharing</span>](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1cFRGwUr5aPb9dDYnHnZtkVm3gNgQCTpB?usp=sharing)

2.  Karin will create directories by year—for notes on Google drive—for
    > easier access.

3.  The Angela Dappert Memorial Award for Digital Preservation Research
    > and Practice Update: Karin is in contact with Adam—she is waiting
    > for input. The first award was presented to Micky Lindlar and
    > colleagues!

4.  Tools, the webpage, and a submission—Tracy updated the TOOLS page
    > and Terje moved suitable tools to COPTR. We got a recent request
    > to add a tool**:** PREMIS Registration of DA NRW Software Suite
    > (DNS). Karin will write to the requester and suggest that they
    > register it on COPTR—and also send a message to the PIG list.

5.  RiC-O—Bertrand sent us a question re: PREMIS EC’s interest in
    > collaborating with the subgroup form ICA-EGAD. They published a
    > 0.2 version of an ontology RIC (Records in Context). They want to
    > publish the first version early next year. They are envisioning
    > connections with other data models to see overlaps
    > with/connections between the two data models--and perhaps formally
    > declaring them. PREMIS EC is willing to collaborate with them. We
    > might want to have several people on the EC involved. Things to
    > remember/ponder/determine/do during the process:

-   Ontology and DD are not in sync

-   Karin and Tracy are working on the DD—an plan to start working on
    > Rights revisions first

-   Conformance check?

-   Compare terms – although the models seem to share some term names
    > they may have different meanings (degrees of sameness in SKOS?)

-   We need to understand the relationship between the two models

-   Daniel Pitti is chairing the work -- EAD/EAC – collection level vs.
    > item level

-   EAD/EAC/RIC-O/PREMIS all working together is an interesting
    > idea—complete model for archives

-   Bertrand will have Daniel Pitti contact Karin directly via email

-   Bertrand, Karin, Marjolein, Leslie, and Angela are interested in
    > participating

1.  Next steps  
    > [<span
    > class="underline">https://drive.google.com/open?id=1v7ObGb42m7Lbq6S3MqA3f17ngC98See:
    > ma\_1gTZN1FGT5-Y</span>](https://drive.google.com/open?id=1v7ObGb42m7Lbq6S3MqA3f17ngC98See:%20ma_1gTZN1FGT5-Y)

2.  Outreach—We still have a working through the Outreach plan and
    > inventory. We will start rearranging the web page in sync with
    > future Zenodo updates made by Micky. The Wedsite Reorg Plan is
    > available here:
    > &lt;https://docs.google.com/document/d/1mV\_8ojBEX2zi\_XRRq-cH5OfevhjxNPWw/edit&gt;

    1.  From the meeting on the 10<sup>th</sup>

        1.  Zenodo—Micky gave a presentation showing what items that the
            > PREMIS EC has loaded to date. Everyone can upload to our
            > community and other communities. Micky demonstrated
            > searching, faceted browsing, etc. Everything the EC has
            > uploaded is CC-BY. Zenodo offers a full audit and
            > provenance trail. The most recent version of a
            > document/file is automatically viewable. General and
            > specific DOIs correlate with general set and each
            > version/file. OAI interface allows metadata harvesting.
            > File ordering is done by file name—this is a weakness.
            > Rights apply to all the files at the record level—not at
            > lower/file level. You can make the records point to each
            > other using metadata to compensate for this—it is not the
            > cleanest solution but a workaround. Micky has on her to do
            > list to contact authors and add past presentations. Some
            > tutorials overlap—will we publish them all or just latest
            > versions? Items are never deleted.

        2.  iPres—Karin gave an update: Tutorial had 65 online
            > connections, probably 10-20 in person attendees. 1.5 hour
            > total time. Eld went through the DD in 45 minutes. “PREMIS
            > on steroids ☺”. Marjolein gave a lightning talk on Rights
            > with an invitation to comment.

        3.  World Digital Preservation Day—we published a blog post and
            > tweeted the link.

3.  AoB

4.  Calendar & Next Meeting (Karin): Dec. 15th. Karin also booked next
    > year. March 16th (daylight savings time). Always 3pm CET.
