PREMIS Editorial Committee 
==========================

-   Karin Bredenberg, chair (Kommunalförbundet Sydarkivera)

-   Bertrand Caron (Bibliothèque nationale de France) \*

-   Angela Dappert (Digital Lifecycle Management) \*

-   Angela Di Iorio (Sapienza Università di Roma) \*

-   Rebecca Guenther (Library of Congress) \*

-   Hanne Mari K. Hindklev (Norwegian Health Archives) \*

-   Leslie Johnston (National Archives and Records Administration)

-   Michelle (Micky) Lindlar (TIB Leibniz Information Centre for Science
    and Technology) \*

-   Tracy Meehleib (Library of Congress)

-   Jack O’Sullivan (Preservica) \*

-   Terje Pettersen-Dahl (National Archives of Norway) 

-   Sarah Romkey (Artefactual Systems) \*

-   Marjolein Steenman (Netherlands Institute for Sound and Vision) \*

-   Eld Zierau (Royal Library of Denmark) \*

Agenda 2021-07-21
=================

1.  (Previous notes, have been mailed and are in the drive) [<span
    class="underline">https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1cFRGwUr5aPb9dDYnHnZtkVm3gNgQCTpB?usp=sharing</span>](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1cFRGwUr5aPb9dDYnHnZtkVm3gNgQCTpB?usp=sharing)

2.  Congrats Jack! Grattis Jack!

3.  Next steps  
    [<span
    class="underline">https://drive.google.com/open?id=1v7ObGb42m7Lbq6S3MqA3f17ngC98ma\_1gTZN1FGT5-Y</span>](https://drive.google.com/open?id=1v7ObGb42m7Lbq6S3MqA3f17ngC98ma_1gTZN1FGT5-Y)

4.  Rights Team – work is ongoing

5.  Outreach

    1.  Next event is getting to know the result of iPres
        submission—timetable is unclear—hopefully we will hear more
        soon. Leslie is on the committee. Notifications to go out in Aug
        (Tutorials)/Sep (Lightining Talks)—could be changed—not
        definite. They are using a hybrid model. Chinese colleagues will
        attend in person others will attend virtually.

        1.  Bertrand suggest adding the writers of a paper to the
            tutorial as a use case

> Outreach
>
> Working plan:
> https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1dDIpqZDft0GvtA-M2WRmWN5VboK0VG4V?usp=sharing
>
> Presentation of inventory:
> https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1Lpsr3QAvIJzcG\_KL9ZXbn2io-4Ehe6mRUgQ4du1Y2Yg/edit?usp=sharing
>
> Understanding PREMIS
>
> ◦ New Brazilian-Portuguese translation was completed and submitted.
> Tack: Amarílis Corrêa!
>
> ◦ Understanding PREMIS, errata created in Google drive—Tracy has
> updated English version.
>
> ◦ Tracy uploaded new revisions in Czech, English, Portuguese to the
> website—and updated the homepage with links:
> <http://www.loc.gov/standards/premis/bibliography.html>
>
> ◦ German and Italian revisions are in the works.
>
> Reminder, REPLY!
>
> ◦ PIG
>
> ◦ Twitter (Angela D, Sarah and Micky currently keeping track!)
>
> iPres
>
> ◦ Tutorial submission awaiting result
>
> Bertrand suggests adding the writers of a paper to the tutorial as a
> use case
>
> ◦ Lightning talk regarding Rights have been submitted

1.  If you have a GitHub account you might want to review/comment on
    MailBag Specification 0.1.

2.  Calendar & Next Meeting (Karin)
