PREMIS Editorial Committee 
==========================

-   Karin Bredenberg, chair (Kommunalförbundet Sydarkivera)

-   Bertrand Caron (Bibliothèque nationale de France) 

-   Angela Di Iorio (Sapienza Università di Roma) \*

-   Hanne Mari K. Hindklev (Norsk Helsenett SF) \*

-   Leslie Johnston (National Archives and Records Administration) \*

-   Michelle (Micky) Lindlar (TIB Leibniz Information Centre for Science
    > and Technology)

-   Tracy Meehleib (Library of Congress) \*

-   Jack O’Sullivan (Preservica)

-   Terje Pettersen-Dahl (National Archives of Norway) 

-   Sarah Romkey (Artefactual Systems) 

-   Marjolein Steeman (Netherlands Intsitute for Sound and Vision) 

-   Eld Zierau (Royal Library of Denmark)

Agenda 2022-09-21
=================

1.  **DPA Award**  
    > Award with PREMIS Data Dictionary engraved arrived. Karen has
    > uploaded pictures of the trophy and diploma to google [<span
    > class="underline">drive</span>](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1Xwhn40S74bW3s9jsAC3ob3qJT8rKQXGU).
    > The certificate is there as well for everyone to print out.  
    > Currently we have 3 blog posts regarding the award available:  
    > - [<span class="underline">OPF Blog by
    > Micky</span>](https://openpreservation.org/blogs/premis-for-all-for-good-forever/)
    > after being shortlisted  
    > - [<span class="underline">OPF Blog by
    > Karin</span>](https://openpreservation.org/blogs/premis-awarded-the-dpc-20th-anniversary-award/)
    > after winning the award  
    > - LoC internal post by Tracy  
    >   
    > **Award Sum**  
    > The award came with a GBP1000 prize - during the submission we
    > talked about contributing it to the Angela Dappert Memorial
    > Fund.  
    > Eld suggests using the money to promote PREMIS. Bertrand is asking
    > what was done with the Best Short Paper money at iPRES2018. This
    > was probably different because it was a paper and the money was
    > distributed between the authors. Micky asks what kind of promotion
    > Eld has in mind - she clarifies that this could be e.g. used to
    > bring a PREMIS workshop to an area where those typically don’t
    > take place, like South America.  
    > John McMillan from the dpc has approached Karen about where to
    > transfer the award money - Karen will tell him that we will need
    > more time to decide.  
    >   
    > Homework for everyone until the next call: Come up with ideas of
    > what to do with the award money!  
    >   
    > **Award letter**  
    > dpc has sent us an award letter and invited us to cite it in
    > future grant applications, VCs or whatever other uses may seem
    > appropriate. The letter is also on [<span class="underline">the
    > google
    > drive</span>](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1fFk2iZVzkow6ny6lb6c38hdcx904dcxt).
    > Eld will send the letter to all those who supplied a picture for
    > the dress.  
    >   
    > **DPA Winners Webinars**  
    > PREMIS was invited to speak at the dpa winners webinar series. We
    > will have 25 minutes to speak on December 7th 10 CET during the
    > European time slot.  
    > Micky suggests a more extended presentation on rights, since this
    > is a big item that PREMIS has been working on. Marjolein agrees
    > and will discuss this in the rights group. Breakdown of
    > presentation could be 5-10 min. of general PREMIS, 15-20 min. of
    > PREMIS rights. Next PREMIS rights meeting to discuss this will be
    > on Nov 7th 5 CET to discuss.

2.  **iPRES2023**  
    > Call for contributions will open Monday, Dec 5th 2022 and will
    > close Friday, March 10th, 2023. [<span
    > class="underline">https://ipres2023.us/</span>](https://ipres2023.us/)  
    > Suggestions for hand-ins have included tutorials, something on
    > environments, etc. Any other suggestions? Eld suggests having an
    > implementation fair again.  
    > Micky suggests identifying presentations to be included in the
    > implementation fair. Karin suggests to include how PREMIS is
    > included in the big systems (Archivematica, Preservica, Rosetta).
    > Betrand suggests to also include Miel van de Sanders who will
    > implement PREMIS in rdf.  
    > Micky suggests handing in a poster as well. All agree that a
    > poster would be good to give an overview of what PREMIS is about.

3.  **Outreach  
    > **Zenodo and Wiki is ongoing.  
    > dpc won’t publish blog posts as previously done. They will instead
    > promote things that people tweet using \#WDPD2022 - Theme is “Data
    > For All, For Good, Forever”. Micky will try to write a PREMIS blog
    > post in German for TIB’s website.

4.  AoB  
    >   
    > **IFLA - LRM  
    > **Bertrand and Karin suggest discussing this at the 18th of
    > January 2023 meeting, as this will give us more time to prepare
    > for it. **  
    > **

5.  Calendar & Next Meeting (Karin)

    1.  The next meeting is 16<sup>th</sup> of November

    2.  Karin will send bookings for 2023 soon
