PREMIS Editorial Committee 
==========================

-   Karin Bredenberg, chair (Kommunalförbundet Sydarkivera)

-   Bertrand Caron (Bibliothèque nationale de France) \*

-   Angela Di Iorio (Sapienza Università di Roma)

-   Rebecca Guenther (Library of Congress) \*

-   Hanne Mari K. Hindklev (Norsk Helsenett SF) \*

-   Leslie Johnston (National Archives and Records Administration)

-   Michelle (Micky) Lindlar (TIB Leibniz Information Centre for Science
    > and Technology) \*

-   Tracy Meehleib (Library of Congress)

-   Jack O’Sullivan (Preservica)

-   Terje Pettersen-Dahl (National Archives of Norway) 

-   Sarah Romkey (Artefactual Systems) \*

-   Marjolein Steeman (Netherlands Institute for Sound and Vision) 

-   Eld Zierau (Royal Library of Denmark)

Agenda 2022-03-16
=================

1.  (Previous notes, have been mailed and are in the drive) [<span
    > class="underline">https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1cFRGwUr5aPb9dDYnHnZtkVm3gNgQCTpB?usp=sharing</span>](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1cFRGwUr5aPb9dDYnHnZtkVm3gNgQCTpB?usp=sharing)

2.  AoB?

3.  iPres2022 (Karin)—We have submitted for Tutorial, IF, PREMIS Rights
    > short paper, BakeOff suggestion. Eld submitted a poster. Many
    > additional EC members may be there representing PREMIS.

4.  IFLA LRM Model (Bertrand)—postponed until Bertrand returns.

5.  RiC (Karin)

    1.  Mail from Florence Clavaud (2022 March 22) forwarded to EC
        > members--regarding the differences between PREMIS and EGAD—and
        > overlap and complementarity of the two models. EGAD group
        > wishes to establish mappings between RiC (RiC-CM 0.2, [<span
        > class="underline">https://www.ica.org/sites/default/files/ric-cm-02\_july2021\_0.pdf</span>](https://www.ica.org/sites/default/files/ric-cm-02_july2021_0.pdf),
        > and RiC-O 0.2, [<span
        > class="underline">https://www.ica.org/standards/RiC/.ontology</span>](https://www.ica.org/standards/RiC/.ontology))
        > and other metadata models, the first of which is PREMIS. Do we
        > want to align these abstract models—we could at least make an
        > inventory of differences?

    2.  Meeting with EGAD, participants and suggested dates? We need to
        > have the first meeting to understand meaning/intention of
        > alignment. Florence and Bertrand have been in contact about
        > this. See notes from Nov 17. At the same time there are
        > discussions in the just started revision of EAD to include
        > PREMIS for the digital objects described in the finding aid,
        > Karin is part of the revision work and will encourage use of
        > PREMIS as an extension schema not to include the PREMIS
        > elements in EAD. Is anyone else interested in being part of
        > the first call other than Bertrand, Karin, Marjolein, Leslie,
        > Angela, and Tracy? Bertrand needs to be there so perhaps we
        > will have the meeting during the first week of May if he is
        > recovered. Bertrand’s recording on the ontology is in the
        > Google drive. Karin will contact Florence and Danial Pitti.

    3.  

6.  Next steps  
    > [<span
    > class="underline">https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1okxDG2XHJAwRDSI\_o427gM-MZYP3NG2Z6wSFz-Ad-7Q/edit?usp=sharing</span>](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1okxDG2XHJAwRDSI_o427gM-MZYP3NG2Z6wSFz-Ad-7Q/edit?usp=sharing)

7.  Outreach—Tracy updated the English PREMIS wikipedia page. If you
    > have updated a Wikipedia page in another language please update
    > external links accordingly. Angela will update the Italian page.
    > In addition, Angela DiIorio will teach a graduate-level PREMIS
    > class at Information School.

8.  accordingly. Karin is still working on DD transformation – there
    > have been many changes made to the XSLT.

9.  Rights Group Meeting – Karin will set up the meeting on April 13 at
    > 4pm.

10. Calendar & Next Meeting (Karin): April 20th.

11. Angela DiIorio will teach a PREMIS class to Information. Tracy has
    > updated the PIF webpage [<span
    > class="underline">https://www.loc.gov/standards/premis/pif/index.html</span>](https://www.loc.gov/standards/premis/pif/index.html)
    > with the link to the iPRES 2021 PREMIS tutorial (as it appears in
    > Zenodo).
