PREMIS Editorial Committee 
==========================

-   Karin Bredenberg, chair (Kommunalförbundet Sydarkivera)

-   Bertrand Caron (Bibliothèque nationale de France) 

-   Angela Di Iorio (Sapienza Università di Roma) \*

-   Rebecca Guenther (Library of Congress)

-   Hanne Mari K. Hindklev (Norsk Helsenett SF) \*

-   Leslie Johnston (National Archives and Records Administration)

-   Michelle (Micky) Lindlar (TIB Leibniz Information Centre for Science
    > and Technology)

-   Tracy Meehleib (Library of Congress)

-   Jack O’Sullivan (Preservica) \*

-   Terje Pettersen-Dahl (National Archives of Norway) 

-   Sarah Romkey (Artefactual Systems) 

-   Marjolein Steeman (Netherlands Intsitute for Sound and Vision) \*

-   Eld Zierau (Royal Library of Denmark)

Agenda 2022-01-19
=================

1.  (Previous notes, have been mailed and are in the drive) [<span
    > class="underline">https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1cFRGwUr5aPb9dDYnHnZtkVm3gNgQCTpB?usp=sharing</span>](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1cFRGwUr5aPb9dDYnHnZtkVm3gNgQCTpB?usp=sharing)

2.  AoB? IFLA LRM 2017—French version from 2021—Bertrand thinks it could
    > add some insight to Micky’s iPRES paper and way of modelling
    > physical analog and digital material. We can discuss on Feb 16 at
    > next meeting if Bertrand id available then--to be determined. We
    > can possibly set up a special meeting to accommodate Bertrand if
    > needed. Good luck Bertrand and please let us know your news asap.

3.  RiC-O, Status? Bertrand says no news so far—he sent an email Nov. 17
    > 2021 re: relationship between the two models. No message from EGAD
    > so far. He will reach out to Florence Clavaud again. They extended
    > their review to the end of Jan. They have Karin’s contact info and
    > we are ready to engage when they are. [<span
    > class="underline">https://www.ica.org/en/news-on-records-in-contexts-standard</span>](https://www.ica.org/en/news-on-records-in-contexts-standard)

4.  Rights, Status? We have a meeting next week. Work is
    > ongoing—drafting white paper and iPRES presentation based on white
    > paper.

5.  Wiki, Status? Sarah and Hanna—they had put together some basic
    > structure. There is probably enough structure there but Sarah is
    > available to guide placement of materials. Hanna Mari was going to
    > help with notes. Karin, Sarah, and HannaMari will meet. This wiki
    > work will relate to webpage updates that Tracy will do when ready.

6.  Next steps  
    > [<span
    > class="underline">https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1okxDG2XHJAwRDSI\_o427gM-MZYP3NG2Z6wSFz-Ad-7Q/edit?usp=sharing</span>](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1okxDG2XHJAwRDSI_o427gM-MZYP3NG2Z6wSFz-Ad-7Q/edit?usp=sharing)
    > – Karin is providing new link to current TO DO document—some in
    > Swedish.

7.  Outreach—Moved the meeting to precede this meeting each month. Today
    > we talked about iPRES. We are updating PREMIS tutorial (40
    > minutes?) and filling out the iPRES template. If anyone else wants
    > to be involved please let Karing know. We will need input re:
    > PREMIS Implementation Fair—short presentation and invite
    > implementors. We have 2 months to submit it.

8.  AoB--No

9.  Calendar & Next Meeting (Karin): 16th Feb, 16th March (observe
    > daylight saving time—look at booking—time is always 3pm CET so use
    > to that to calculate meeting time in your time zone), etc.
