PREMIS Editorial Committee 

-   Karin Bredenberg, chair (Kommunalförbundet Sydarkivera)

-   Bertrand Caron (Bibliothèque nationale de France) 

-   Angela Di Iorio (Sapienza Università di Roma) \*

-   Rebecca Guenther (Library of Congress) \*

-   Hanne Mari K. Hindklev (Norsk Helsenett SF) \*

-   Leslie Johnston (National Archives and Records Administration)

-   Michelle (Micky) Lindlar (TIB Leibniz Information Centre for Science
    and Technology) \*

-   Tracy Meehleib (Library of Congress)

-   Jack O’Sullivan (Preservica) \*

-   Terje Pettersen-Dahl (National Archives of Norway) 

-   Sarah Romkey (Artefactual Systems) 

-   Marjolein Steeman (Netherlands Intsitute for Sound and Vision) 

-   Eld Zierau (Royal Library of Denmark) \*

Agenda 2022-05-18

1.  (Previous notes, have been mailed and are in the drive) [<span
    class="underline">https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1cFRGwUr5aPb9dDYnHnZtkVm3gNgQCTpB?usp=sharing</span>](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1cFRGwUr5aPb9dDYnHnZtkVm3gNgQCTpB?usp=sharing)

2.  Reminder about CCBY—this is just a reminder to use CCBY license on
    PREMIS EC papers and presentations.

3.  IFLA LRM Model (Bertrand)—Bertrand uploaded his document to the
    folder for EC review/comments –please see
    <https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1vi5sxpJFIhRwH-llshdd2cv7VhMEy9Kt>
    -- he is still working on a diagram comparing the two models. We
    will discuss this at our next PREMIS EC meeting. Karin will send out
    the link to EC members.

4.  RiC (Karin)—We had our first meeting on May 6. Florence Clavaud gave
    an overview of the RiC conceptual model (RiC CM).
    Agents/Events/Rights as touchpoints were discussed. Some confusion
    re: IE. The ontology for RiC (RiC-O) will be released in the near
    future. Bertrand gave a short intro to the PREMIS ontology at the
    meeting. Basic PREMIS docs have been added to a communal folder. The
    RiC group has a pretty good understanding of PREMIS. PREMIS EC
    members need to understand RiC and identify differences between the
    two models. The issue of Agents and Roles needs to be looked at
    carefully. Do we want guidelines for how to use both models
    together? The method of mapping and/or alignment is to be
    determined. Perhaps also make some assertions—this is the same
    class/property or this is similar to, broader than, narrower than,
    etc. Use some properties to make some linkages between the two
    ontologies. Bertrand mentioned that after publishing PREMIS 3.0
    ontology a Sweet ontology alignment was suggested—see
    &lt;[sweet-tools/align-sweet-premis3.rdf at master ·
    ESIPFed/sweet-tools ·
    GitHub](https://github.com/ESIPFed/sweet-tools/blob/master/sweet-alignment-manager/alignments/align-sweet-premis3.rdf)&gt;.
    BnF in-house vocabularies are aligned —the BnF method be another way
    to think about this. One option is to put assertions directly in the
    OWL file. Sweet uses another syntax to make alignments. Bertrand
    will get more clarification. See
    &lt;http://cake.fiu.edu/Publications/Faria+al-13-TA.The\_Agreement\_Maker\_Light\_Ontology\_Springer\_downloaded.pdf&gt;.
    Also, there is a Doodle out for the next RiC/PREMIS meeting. Karin
    thinks there may be some misunderstanding re: PREMIS (as a
    preservation standard) and RiC (as a descriptive standard).

5.  Next steps  
    [<span
    class="underline">https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1okxDG2XHJAwRDSI\_o427gM-MZYP3NG2Z6wSFz-Ad-7Q/edit?usp=sharing</span>](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1okxDG2XHJAwRDSI_o427gM-MZYP3NG2Z6wSFz-Ad-7Q/edit?usp=sharing) 

6.  Outreach—we replied to Nestor German Archival Group—see PIG list
    survey response. The Nestor report it is now available in pdf and
    was recently announced on the PIG list. Micky will act as our
    PREMIS/Nestor liaison for any feedback. iPRES will start sending out
    notifications today.

7.  Calendar & Next Meeting (Karin)

8.  June 15 – NEXT MEETING
