PREMIS Editorial Committee 
==========================

-   Karin Bredenberg, chair (Kommunalförbundet Sydarkivera)

-   Bertrand Caron (Bibliothèque nationale de France) 

-   Angela Di Iorio (Sapienza Università di Roma) \*

-   Rebecca Guenther (Library of Congress) \*

-   Hanne Mari K. Hindklev (Norsk Helsenett SF)

-   Leslie Johnston (National Archives and Records Administration)

-   Michelle (Micky) Lindlar (TIB Leibniz Information Centre for Science
    and Technology)

-   Tracy Meehleib (Library of Congress)

-   Jack O’Sullivan (Preservica)

-   Terje Pettersen-Dahl (National Archives of Norway) 

-   Sarah Romkey (Artefactual Systems) 

-   Marjolein Steeman (Netherlands Intsitute for Sound and Vision) 

-   Eld Zierau (Royal Library of Denmark)

Call Notes 2022-02-16
=====================

1.  (Previous notes, have been mailed and are in the drive) [<span
    class="underline">https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1cFRGwUr5aPb9dDYnHnZtkVm3gNgQCTpB?usp=sharing</span>](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1cFRGwUr5aPb9dDYnHnZtkVm3gNgQCTpB?usp=sharing)

2.  AoB? None

3.  Rights, Status of White Paper and plans for iPRES
    submission—Marjolein reported on white paper – group is reviewing
    comments on paper and planning next meeting. The paper is divided
    into sections at this point. The committee is wondering what level
    of detail is desired for each section. A white paper is a relatively
    short memo to understand the topic and issues involved and the
    proposed solution—so sections should not be too detailed. Will this
    product from a submission for iPRES? An executive summary will be
    prepaped for iPRES—as a basic document-- then the group will decide
    to create a poster, short paper, or long paper for iPRES. March
    8<sup>th</sup> is the deadline for a proposal. Who should take the
    lead on writing a final draft—or should it be a shared effort?
    Concepts are well developed but there are some obstacles to getting
    it finalized as an iPRES submission within 3 weeks. Leslie can work
    on conclusion about ideas about solutions—and on the
    Introduction—starting next week. The section on priority use case
    and another use case will be done by Marjolein. Bertrand will try to
    attend the meeting next week. Karin will set up a meeting for
    Thu/Feb 24 at 3pm CET. Micky will also look at use case and Intro
    before the meeting.

4.  Wiki, Status? Karin, HanneMai and Sarah met a couple weeks ago. For
    some reason they can’t upload files—this issue is being addressed.
    Karin will give us all logins shortly. EC members: please send Karin
    an alternative email for wiki account login if you don’t want to use
    the one currently on file with the PREMIS EC.

    1.  Current look and feel—being addressed

    2.  Locating rest of the notes? For some reason there are 2
        different versions of the old wiki—the filenames look almost the
        same. Once sorted out, Terje will batch convert notes to pdf.

    3.  Responsible for populating the project part? Bertrand will
        handle ontology section. Look at wiki backup and prepare to
        upload.

5.  IFLA LRM Model—Bertrand started to draft something a few weeks ago
    but did not finish. He will discuss/present on this at our next
    meeting March 16.

6.  Update Guidelines for using the PREMIS Version 3 OWL Ontology (Tracy
    & Bertrand) – these will probably be minor updates—revise old links,
    etc.

    1.  [<span
        class="underline">https://www.loc.gov/standards/premis/ontology/pdf/premis3-owl-guidelines-20180924.pdf</span>](https://www.loc.gov/standards/premis/ontology/pdf/premis3-owl-guidelines-20180924.pdf)

    2.  [<span
        class="underline">https://id.loc.gov/ontologies/premis-3-0-0.html</span>](https://id.loc.gov/ontologies/premis-3-0-0.html)
        – Question re: Version IRI from Dean Smith at Frick prompted
        Tracy to look at ontology pages/issues in id.loc.gov and she and
        Bertrand are addressing/correcting them with NDMSO id.loc.gov
        team.

    3.  Bertrand and Tracy will resolve all of these issues within the
        next month or so.

7.  Next steps  
    [<span
    class="underline">https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1okxDG2XHJAwRDSI\_o427gM-MZYP3NG2Z6wSFz-Ad-7Q/edit?usp=sharing</span>](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1okxDG2XHJAwRDSI_o427gM-MZYP3NG2Z6wSFz-Ad-7Q/edit?usp=sharing)
    – Karin is updating

8.  Outreach – Mainly discussed iPRES—we are planning to submit a
    tutorial and trying to get half-day or full-day timeslot—in
    combination with a PIF. Micky is updating the submission. For the
    PIF we would like to have themes: e.g. rights (have until September
    to select speakers). We also want to have a separate Bake-Off event
    to showcase different vendor approaches to specific
    challenges—please suggest some practical questions for vendors to
    use in this PIF (Sarah & Jack/Artefactual & Preservica will
    participate). The main idea is to ask vendors how they have
    implemented PREMIS in specific ways (based on our questions)—to
    increase visibility of PREMIS in general.

9.  Calendar & Next Meeting (Karin)- March 16<sup>th</sup> (daylight
    saving time—look at the booking—based on Stockholm 3pm time)
