PREMIS Editorial Committee 
==========================

-   Karin Bredenberg, chair (Kommunalförbundet Sydarkivera)

-   Bertrand Caron (Bibliothèque nationale de France) 

-   Angela Di Iorio (Sapienza Università di Roma) \*

-   Rebecca Guenther (Library of Congress) \*

-   Hanne Mari K. Hindklev (Norsk Helsenett SF) \*

-   Leslie Johnston (National Archives and Records Administration)

-   Michelle (Micky) Lindlar (TIB Leibniz Information Centre for Science
    > and Technology)

-   Tracy Meehleib (Library of Congress)

-   Jack O’Sullivan (Preservica)

-   Terje Pettersen-Dahl (National Archives of Norway) 

-   Sarah Romkey (Artefactual Systems) 

-   Marjolein Steeman (Netherlands Intsitute for Sound and Vision) \*

-   Eld Zierau (Royal Library of Denmark) \*

Agenda 2022-04-20
=================

1.  (Previous notes, have been mailed and are in the drive) [<span
    > class="underline">https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1cFRGwUr5aPb9dDYnHnZtkVm3gNgQCTpB?usp=sharing</span>](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1cFRGwUr5aPb9dDYnHnZtkVm3gNgQCTpB?usp=sharing)

2.  IFLA LRM Model (Bertrand) – Bertrand will share his Word document—he
    > will upload it to our “Other Models” IFLA LRM folder in our Google
    > drive:
    > &lt;https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1tJjVx0sfcGF-xzPbPyISjz0MZXlzzfr0&gt;
    > —EC members can comment via email. Bertrand started this paper in
    > response to Micky’s iPRES 2021 paper describing analog and digital
    > presentations. He looks at LRM (Library Reference Model) (cf. FRBR
    > and functional requirements for authorities). WEMI applies to
    > analog docs—he is comparing this to PREMIS/digital world. Are they
    > compatible, complimentary or ? If they are complimentary how
    > should they interact? LRM has difficulties considering what should
    > be a digital item or manifestation for various reasons. How
    > libraries should consider digital objects vis-à-vis LRM and
    > PREMIS. Leslie mentioned strong influence of Daniel Pitti—and his
    > focus on digital manifestations of physical items—i.e. digital
    > surrogates vs. born digital items/perspectives. What is an
    > intellectual entity? It is an idea of something not a physical
    > thing. Archivematica vs. Preservica take different approaches, but
    > they are both focused on the digital objects. Goal might be to
    > create a PREMIS and METS type doc. Bertrand will upload to Google
    > drive.

3.  RiC (Karin) – Florence Clavaud sent RiC/PREMIS subgroup a Doodle
    > poll for a planned meeting in May. The EC RiC subgroup will report
    > after that meeting. EGAD members need to explain what they are
    > thinking. Micky might join the meeting. Karin will forward FC’s
    > email to Micky.

4.  Next steps  
    > [<span
    > class="underline">https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1okxDG2XHJAwRDSI\_o427gM-MZYP3NG2Z6wSFz-Ad-7Q/edit?usp=sharing</span>](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1okxDG2XHJAwRDSI_o427gM-MZYP3NG2Z6wSFz-Ad-7Q/edit?usp=sharing)
    > . Rebecca is not on contract anymore. Karin will remove those
    > items from document.

5.  Outreach—we are considering applying for DPC 20 year digital award.
    > Application is due Monday, Apr. 25. We don’t need a supervisor to
    > write a letter. Micky will draft an application and submit it
    > before Monday at 8:00 deadline (Scotland time?). Tracy will start
    > moving Implementation Fair presentations to Zenodo. Micky will
    > provide a guide for how to do this.

6.  Calendar & Next Meeting (Karin)—May 18<sup>th</sup>.
