PREMIS Editorial Committee 
==========================

-   Karin Bredenberg, chair (Kommunalförbundet Sydarkivera)

-   Bertrand Caron (Bibliothèque nationale de France) \*

-   Angela Di Iorio (Sapienza Università di Roma) \*

-   Hanne Mari K. Hindklev (Norsk Helsenett SF) \*

-   Leslie Johnston (National Archives and Records Administration)

-   Michelle (Micky) Lindlar (TIB Leibniz Information Centre for Science
    and Technology)

-   Tracy Meehleib (Library of Congress)

-   Jack O’Sullivan (Preservica)

-   Terje Pettersen-Dahl (National Archives of Norway) 

-   Sarah Romkey (Artefactual Systems) 

-   Marjolein Steeman (Netherlands Intsitute for Sound and Vision) 

-   Eld Zierau (Royal Library of Denmark) \*

Agenda 2022-09-21
=================

1.  Session

2.  AoB?

3.  RiC-O update and EAD revision update(Karin)—no news yet—will
    probably meet in Oct or Nov. PREMIS session at EAD—Karin did a
    summary version re: what PREMIS (preservation) is and its relation
    to EAD (archival). Explain the concept of PREMIS representation (vs.
    RiC-O instantiation). How can/should EAD incorporate PREMIS? If so,
    how? Include, reference, keep up-to-date? Probably not. More
    discussions to follow. PREMIS is counting on the descriptive data
    being somewhere else. This desire to relate/connect the two is
    probably coming out of the fact that EAD is being revised. Micky
    said there was a 10-minute demo using RiC-O and PREMIS—get more info
    on this at next RiC-O meeting. EAD revision will take 2-3 years.

4.  Reports from iPres (all). We had a great tutorial, incorporating
    constructive discussions. Two presentations: Rights (MS) and RiC-O &
    PREMIS. We received the 20<sup>th</sup> Anniversary award/diploma.
    Karin scanned it – it is available in Google drive—download and
    print as needed. DPC also wrote about it on the award on their page.
    Marjolein will follow up with attendees and ask for relevant rights
    use cases. We can start planning for next year now Write the rights
    white paper. Submit for iPRES 2023 tutorial or implementation fair
    in February? There were a lot or questions about environments—and
    there is a Glasgow use case—perhaps make use of it (and/or another
    one) in the next tutorial to explore and go deeper into rights
    issues? Next iPRES will be in US – there is a lot of interest in
    emulation—maybe collaborate with another institution on a use case
    tutorial/workshop in 2023? Revisit iPRES plans for 2023 in next
    meeting so we don’t lose momentum.

> Rights Questions:

1.  Don’t always know about rights—sometimes they are uncertain—can we
    add an attribute to express that?

2.  Use case about reviews—events of reviews—vs. adding the outcomes to
    the rights granted. Consider direct link between these two?
    Marjolein said they discussed it but are still being cautious about
    it.

3.  When will it be released?

<!-- -->

1.  Next steps  
    <https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1okxDG2XHJAwRDSI_o427gM-MZYP3NG2Z6wSFz-Ad-7Q/edit?usp=sharing>
    – Karin will update with iPRES 2022 and add iPRES 2023

2.  Outreach

    1.  Zenodo – Thanks to Micky for starting upload – several items
        have been added

    2.  Wiki – Hanne Marie has shifted positions and she has a meeting
        conflit w/PREMIS EC. She is continuing ot upload notes. Terje
        promised to aid with any additional notes.

    3.  WDPD 2022 – We discovered that they will not publish blog posts.
        We are loading to OPF. Micky posted the one Tracy drafted
        already at
        &lt;<https://openpreservation.org/blogs/premis-for-all-for-good-forever/>.
        Karin will draft another one covering the award. Members are
        encourgaed to tweet using these links to blog posts. Everyone is
        also free to write blog posts.

3.  AoB

4.  Calendar & Next Meeting (Karin)

    1.  The next meeting is moved to the 26<sup>th</sup> of October!
        Karin will be sending out invites to 2023 meetings
