PREMIS Editorial Committee 
==========================

-   Karin Bredenberg, chair (Kommunalförbundet Sydarkivera)

-   Bertrand Caron (Bibliothèque nationale de France) \*

-   Angela Di Iorio (Sapienza Università di Roma)

-   Rebecca Guenther (Library of Congress) \*

-   Hanne Mari K. Hindklev (Norsk Helsenett SF)

-   Leslie Johnston (National Archives and Records Administration)

-   Michelle (Micky) Lindlar (TIB Leibniz Information Centre for Science
    and Technology) \*

-   Tracy Meehleib (Library of Congress)

-   Jack O’Sullivan (Preservica)

-   Terje Pettersen-Dahl (National Archives of Norway) 

-   Sarah Romkey (Artefactual Systems) \*

-   Marjolein Steeman (Netherlands Intsitute for Sound and Vision) \*

-   Eld Zierau (Royal Library of Denmark)

\* = regrests

Call Notes 2022-08-17
=====================

1.  (Previous notes, have been mailed and are in the drive)
    <https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1cFRGwUr5aPb9dDYnHnZtkVm3gNgQCTpB?usp=sharing>

2.  RiC-O (Karin) – 2 meetings so far (May 6 and July 28)—there are
    notes in a folder maintained by Florence Clavaud. We have provided
    the EGAD.RiC-O group with lots of PREMIS info—mainly relating to
    conformance and data dictionary. If EGAD wants to implement PREMIS
    in RiC they need to be compliant. There was a request for a
    spreadsheet relating/mapping RiC-O and PREMIS ontology elements
    (PREMIS on left/EGAD on right). This comparison is in process—the
    groups are currently working on top level elements. The PREMIS
    ontology reuses elements. In contrast, RiC-O has created/reinvented
    their own new ones. We need to ask what is the purpose of this
    mapping or proposed integration is? What do they want to do with
    PREMIS? Events in PREMis vs RiC will be taxing as they are very
    different semantically. PREMIS doesn’t care about description it
    cares about preservation. The main task we have is to get them to
    understand this—and that there is no natural or obvious alignment.

3.  IFLA LRM Model (Karin)—Bertrand will give update later this fall.

4.  Next steps  
    <https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1okxDG2XHJAwRDSI_o427gM-MZYP3NG2Z6wSFz-Ad-7Q/edit?usp=sharing>

5.  Outreach

    1.  iPres—EC is preparing a 3 hour tutorial and rights presentation,
        some members will attend the award ceremony, and we are
        preparing a photo dress (showing photos of current and former EC
        members) for the ceremony—several current members will try to
        get photos from/of former members to present at iPRES. Eld will
        coordinate images. PREMIS members will meet up face-to-face at
        iPRES. Leslie will not be able to attend iPRES as planned.

    2.  Wiki – Hanne-Mari is uploading notes

    3.  Zenodo – Karin will look into uploading previous PIFS

    4.  Digital Preservation Day - Tracy will draft blogpost for Digital
        Preservation Day

6.  AoB

7.  Calendar & Next Meeting (Karin) – 21 September – after iPRES, then
    Oct. 19, Nov. 16, dec. 21
